I really needed immediate attention having just flown in and getting seriously ill. The staff saw that I needed to be seen right away and just rushed me through to see the doctor (allowing me time to fill in all of the essential paperwork after the consult). No waiting in long lines - this was better than even the emergency room of a hospital in how quickly they got me in to see the doctor.Doctor was thorough and patient and pretty much diagnosed what I had suspected was wrong. I came into the office in almost extreme critical distress and with quick medications and prescribed ones over the next days, within 24 hours I felt like I was almost 90% on the way to total recovery.They even had me come in for a follow up visit the next day to ensure that the meds were taking effect and that I was progressing in my recovery. I would highly recommend them to anyone needing immediate attention.Jody L

Complete waste of time. The reception staff and nurse/physicians assistant were fine but what a terrible doctor. She was unable to actually provide a diagnosis and then essentially "prescribed" over the counter meds to me. I've been sick for a week. The point of seeing a doctor is to get proper meds/antibiotics so you can get well, quickly. Did I mention they don't even take your blood? How does one properly assess and diagnose a patient without being thorough? Don't waste your time - see a REAL general practitioner and REAL Doctor. Don't bother with this place - this is especially for those of us with quality health insurance (which I have). I took a bet on this place but boy, never again. The entire thing was BIZARRE! DON'T DO IT.

I've been here several times and even though I live uptown, this is my UC place of choice when I have an emergency. I had to take my husband there this week. He was seen by Dr. McKinney who immediately assessed his condition and requested an ambulance transfer to the hospital. She also gave us instructions on what to request once at the hospital and aftercare recommendations. My husband was ultimately hospitalized (just as she said he would) and is now on the road to recovery. I cannot thank Dr. McKinney enough for being to the point, straight forward and being such a strong advocate for us. Thank you so very much Dr. McKinney. PS - and as usual the non-medical staff at this location were efficient, professional and very caring. Great job, guys!

I've never had a problem with City MD, but this last interaction beats any previous positives. I came in for pain in my jaw and ear. After a ten minute assessment, the doctor says "I think I know what's going on," and goes to consult with another doc. That one comes in, checks me out and agrees with the first that I have the MUMPS. As in, measles mumps and rubella, the vaccine we all (usually) get as kids. I'd let them know i had been vaccinated as a child...they are pretty sure that it's mumps. So now I'm freaking out, docs are in gloves and masks; they have nothing more to say than "wait to hear from department of health, stay in isolation for five days, and take some ibuprofen/Tylenol." I was not given any other options or possible diagnoses. I finally hear from DOH after 4 days off of work only to find that I tested negative. I'm still in pain and have NO IDEA what has been wrong for the last four days. Now, I call back and the aftercare team says: "come back in and we will take a look again." No apology for the mistake, no offer to waive the specialist fee; nothing. Very angry and disappointed. This is why the ER at Roosevelt Hospital is always a better bet.

After, not going to the doctor for a year. I fell down a flight of stairs and needed to be checked for broken bones. This location was super efficient, fast, and had everything I needed. I went as soon as they opened and I was in and out within 45 min. Anddd they kept apologizing for how long it took. But really that was the fastest I've ever been examined for brain injury, had X-rays and given a prescription in my life. They were also very pleasant and nice to interact with.It was a pleasure, I'll be returning.

Great place when you have something minor and need to be seen right away.I wouldn't come if I woke up with something growing out the side of my head, or a major medical emergency, but that isn't really what this place is for.The doctors are nice, courteous, and thorough. The online check in is pure gold. The front desk staff is super efficient, and the Drs assistants are great.

It was a really smooth check in through kiosk.I did not have to wait more than 5 minutes.Doctor explained nice and clear, I literally got out of the office in 30 minutes.

This place is right next door to me, so that's why I kept going there when I hurt myself even though I wouldn't recommend it to others. It's now been twice that they missed a fracture on the x-rays. Either their equipment is bad, their x-ray tech, or they don't know how to read x-rays. For an emergency clinic that advertises that they treat broken bones, I urge you not to go there if you think that's what you may have. The first time they missed a fracture, it was in my finger. They splinted it in the wrong position, that prevented the healing and probably is what caused it eventually to never heal right. When I complained about this happening to me now twice on the phone, they assured me a manager would call me back. Never happened.

This is going to be long and rambling and probably a unique story, but I think my experience here says a lot about the level of care that they provide here. My reason for five stars is twofold, and it's both the level of medical care, and the level of care on a more personal level. I'd only been in town for less than 12 hours when I woke up with my throat so swollen, I could barely swallow. I broke down and went to CityMD after I called my doctor and she advised me to go. I was relieved they took my insurance, and was impressed with the sign-in kiosks. Unfortunately, I have panic disorder, and although I don't have any sort of fear of doctor's offices, my nervous system decided that would be a great moment to kick in at high gear. And when I have bad panic attacks, they're really really bad.I was speaking to a woman at the front desk and she noticed I wasn't doing so well (aka, hyperventilating, shaking, probably white as a ghost). I told her what was going on, and they immediately whisked me off to the examination room-- I never even sat down in the waiting room. I give props to the nurse who took my vitals, because I was gasping so hard I could barely speak to try to articulate that, no, the panic attack was not the reason I was in the office, it was my sore throat. There was a sense of urgency to his movements but he didn't seem too freaked out by me. And then the doctor came in and he was just so so kind. I mean, I was in tears at this point because of how humiliated I was, I still couldn't breathe, and he treated me as though I was totally normal-- and I mean that in the most positive way. He didn't coddle me, yet he continued to ask if there was anything he could do, he kept checking in to see how I was. He even double checked with me before the nurse did the throat culture, joking about how most people get nervous about people sticking something into their mouth under the best circumstances. And every time I apologized (which was probably every minute or so), he reassured me that it was okay, there was no reason for me to apologize.The results came back five minutes later (I had a nasty case of strep), and they sent the antibiotics to the pharmacy. I still hadn't fully pulled myself together, was still in tears, and I asked whether there was somewhere I could hide away until the panic symptoms fully subsided. I assumed they needed the exam room I was in, and I honestly would've been happy just in an employee bathroom somewhere. But he looked at me and said, "You can stay here as long as you need to." They left me alone for 15 minutes, and by the time they came back to check on me I was more composed. He asked me how far I had to travel to get back to my hotel (only a few blocks) and reassured me that if anything happened and I felt like I wasn't okay, I could turn around and come right back and they'd take me in. The level of medical care was awesome-- the strep tests now are so much faster than when I was a kid. I had no wait time (although, admittedly, there may have been extenuating circumstances there). But to me, the most important part was that I was treated with respect and kindness in a situation where I felt vulnerable and humiliated. It would have been really awful if the staff had been rude or had made me feel like I was a freak. They were all sweet, and clearly concerned for me in a way that was genuine. And especially the doctor I saw, he was the best. I'm really thankful this was the place I chose to go to when I was ill, and if ever I'm sick again, I'll return there. I think it speaks volumes about all of the staff that I was treated so very well under difficult circumstances.

City MD how I thank thee!After a really bad fall I had taken a week earlier and not knowing what if anything in my ankle may have been fractured. Traveling on the Subway everyday on a badly sprained ankle, climbing up and going down the stairs left me in great pain and little to no comfort. Walking on the streets only amplified the pain to the point I had pain shooting up my shin and every step caused my foot to swell immensely to the point none of my shoe's would fit on my right foot, so I literally hobbled into City MD in tremendous pain and only after placing a call to them to confirm billing standards and walk in process .I got a very nice young lady on the phone who advised that it would be best to fill out the necessaries on line that way when I come in all I would need to do is present Insurance ID, standard identity ID and fill out consent & billing papers. This was perfect and worked just as the lady stated and with the kind of pain that was radiating in my foot that was about all I could muster up the tolerance to deal with at that point.Waiting area was comfortable, staff understanding and personable with wait time to see a doctor at about 20 minutes, my medical issues were quickly assessed and off to X-RAYS with the findings of no breaks or fractures and just a very badly sprained ankle of which I was giving a splint to keep my ankle stabilized and a shoe boot to keep the pressure on my foot comfortable, some meds to help me rest comfortably at bedtime and daytime meds to ease the inflammation. Awesome, and I absolutely recommend these type of practices over going to an actual hospital with a 12 hour and sometimes longer wait and examine you time.Outstanding and see highlights below why.*All done in an hour and with follow up phone calls too!* City MD is billed as an In-Network medical facility for a lot of Insurance carriers * Processing time is stellar* Your going to leave here with issues addressed with urgent care for maximum comfort* Your provided with a copy of your X-rays *They provide referral services for specialists as deemed necessary

Second time around the wait time was long as well. My entire visit took about 1.5 hours. An additional star in this review as the MD I saw and the Medical Assistant were both thorough with a friendly demeanor. The location is prime so I'd keep this place in mind for emergency situations.

When you're at deaths door, you come to CityMD. Service is quick, the doctors are thorough (better than most walk in Primary cares) and they give you your first fix of medicine for the day so you don't have to wait for the script to fill at a local pharmacy. And the best part, they have dum dum lollipops.

I walked in and told them I hadn't been there before and the staff immediately walked me through what to do. They were very friendly and welcoming. Also it was New Years day so hats off to them to not being too hung over to be friendly. I saw Dr Hodges in less than 15 minutes of filling out paperwork. She was friendly and explained what was going on and what over the counter medicine I could take for other problems I was having. They sent my prescription to the pharmacy of my choosing. I usually hate going to the doctor but the experience was perfectly painless. I would go again if I am sick.

NOPE. Just go to the ER a few blocks away. I came in for a pretty major emergency that should have been seen ASAP. I waited an hour only to be told their tech ran my test wrong and it was an emergency and to go somewhere else. Nightmare, waste of time. What if I'd died because they couldn't be bothered to do their jobs correctly? Also they had so much trouble figuring out how to run the insurance. Eventually they realized they were doing it wrong. Total mess. Go elsewhere.

I visited the facility when I visited NYC a few months ago. The entry of information got frustrating to me, but someone on the staff stepped in to help. The doctor was very experienced, trusted her right away. All in all, terrific!

Really great place. When in for a sinus infection. Big and clean with friendly staff who got me in and out fast. The physician assistant was thorough and took her time to listen. Would definitely recommend and go back.

The first time I went, I was prescribed an immense dose of antibiotic that would be for an anthrax patient. Guess what? I didn't have anthrax! AND I ended up with worse problems than I started with, which resulted in the need to see a specialist elsewhere. I tried them out again recently to give them another shot and was disappointed. I was in a room in the back where the employees seemed hardly working. I waited for over 30 minutes to see the doctor. One star for hours/availability and one star for easy check in. I would rather go to my PCP or the ER.

Absolutely amazing! Walked right in, signed in via the kiosk, waited 10 min and was seen by a doctor. The doctor, Michelle, was outstanding. Very pleasant bed side manner, explained everything thoroughly. I 100% recommend this clinic to anyone. You will not be disappointed.

From the moment we walked in we were greeted and given paperwork to fill out, I love the ID scanner, made things very easy. I was traveling to New York from California and forgot my bag of medication, I live with a lot of pain and going with out it for 4 days would have caused undo pain. I was listened to by the support staff and the Dr was super amazing at helping me figure out my dosages that would get me through the next 4 days. I had yet another amazing time in New York because of this staff. From the front desk staff and then the check out, by far the best experience I've had at an Urgent Care

Once again, a great CityMD experience. Even though there was a bit of a wait, the service is fast, efficient, friendly and accurate. Everything I expect from a walk-in clinic. Such a great concept and addition to the NY medical providers. Highly recommended!

Awful. The dr was rude and refused to prescribe me anything until I said "I woke up in the middle of the night last night in pain." I had no voice AT ALL and received no strep test and was told "why don't you just not talk?!" Gee thanks! Go to another doctor's office. Don't waste your time.

Very unsatisfied with my visits. First time I was given a low dosage for my problem as a result it became worst. The second time the doctor sounded so unsure and confused that it left me confused. The lady at the checkout handed me two prescriptions and when I asked which one I need to fill she said it is upto you!! Whatever that means? The patients gets to decide which medicine to fill? More people added to the confusion including the doctor's assistant. Finally I put my foot down and asked her to go to the doctor and ask. The whole experience left me confused and very unsure.

Yay, my second experience with health care in the USA!My husband and I were visiting NYC from Canada. A few days prior to me ending up at this clinic, he went to the hospital with food poisoning or a gastro virus. Then it hit me. I could not stop vomiting for about 5 hours before I went to this clinic. I had never been so sick in my life. I crawled over from my hotel and parked myself on the floor in the washroom. My husband filled out the forms for me and I just went to the room when they knocked on the door. We waited 15-20 minutes. The clinic itself is very nice, new looking and \VERY clean. There are TVs blaring in the waiting room, which I hate, especially when I feel like I'm about to die. Staff were all quite friendly. When one of them took me from the washroom, I asked her to get my husband and bring him to the room I was in. She forgot, so I was in the room for 10 minutes without him and he was sitting in the waiting room wondering where I was. The doctor who took care of me was really friendly and pleasant and looked a lot like Topher Grace. The care I needed was quite basic - just an IV and some nausea medication - so I was mostly left to take in the IV, but he and the nurse checked on me at appropriate intervals. My visit was covered by insurance, although I had to pay upfront and mail in my receipts. The total was $350, much less than it would've been at the ER. All told I was in and out of there in around two hours.

I've been here twice in the last month. Once for an ear infection and once for Influenza A (thanks for NOTHING flu shot!!). Sad, but true.I saw Dr. Skyers and Dr. Lee. On both occasions, I waited less than 5 minutes to be seen. Nurses were professional and efficient. I waited only moments for the doctors to arrive after my vitals were taken. Both doctors were professional, friendly, patient and warm. My actual thought was "This must be a wonderful place to work, because everyone is so helpful and great."Honestly, I could not be more pleased with my experiences here. I would not hesitate to recommend this CityMD location.

(Literally) pains me to say that I was misdiagnosed here twice and prescribed two courses of treatment that only made the condition worse. My next doc was shocked at the bad labs and prior diagnoses. Not recommended for anything beyond, say, strep. Shame, because they really are convenient.

Nice, professional looking waiting room. While there were a lot of seats, there weren't many people in line before me. My wait ended up being about 20 minutes when I arrived at 11AM on a Tuesday. Dr Venegas and all the assistants have great bed (chair?) side manner and are really helpful! Worth the trip from Bushwick!

After an episode of Food Poisoning I went here for dehydration. Wait time was about 20 minutes to get back to a room and the doctor was in the room within 10 minutes. She was friendly and after some IV fluids and medication for nausea I felt much better. They accept most insurance and the facility is very clean and tidy. All the staff are professional and friendly. A very efficient and helpful urgent care, I would certainly return.

I love this place! The staff is helpful and kind and I am always seen very quickly. I was having major pain in my arms and the doctor even gave me his cell to have a contact if I had any emergencies. I hate to be sick, but when I am, I always go to City MD. Thanks City MD!

Was visiting from California for business and decided to eat at a thai restaurant (won't name it) that I've eaten at before. Woke up in the middle of the night with a terrible stomachache, made quite a few trips to the restroom and threw up several times. In the morning, I wasn't feeling any better which was weird because usually I will feel better after throwing up. It was going on 12 hours since I woke up feeling sick and I was starting to get scared.Found CityMD on yelp and called to ask about my condition. The lady on the phone was super sweet and told me she's not able to give medical advice but that I should probably come in. I got an uber and headed there. Upon arriving, she greeted me and remembered me from the phone call. She had me fill out some paper work and gave me a gatorade. I didn't have my insurance card but I had a photo of it which she was very easy going about accepting just the photo on my phone. I waited only 15 minutes before being called. Ridley (not sure about spelling) showed me to my room and I told her the situation. I threw up in front of her which was pretty gross but she was really attentive and kind. I was a bit scared as I didn't have anyone on this trip with me and didn't really know anyone in the city. She brought me a blanket and made sure I was comfortable. She brought the doctor in and the doctor recommended we do a couple tests. It turns out I was dehydrated (on top of the food poisoning) so they hooked me up to an IV, gave me some fluids, and my stomachache immediately went away!!! I was so relieved. Everyone here was SOOOOO kind and it really seemed like they cared. They didn't rush me or act like my condition wasn't serious or like I wasn't important. I was so impressed with the treatment here and the location is very clean + top quality!All I have to say is I wish there were clinics like this in California! Thank you to CityMD for taking care of me when I was so far from home.

Came in & saw Dr. Julie today (Sunday). The facility is clean and spacious with a friendly and organized staff. Dr. Julie was down to earth, attentive, and just plain fantastic. I have my regular doctors but would not hesitate to come to her again!And Taina? Best. Blood draw. EVER. Didn't even hurt!

Went twice this year for two unrelated conditions. First time was seen immediately and the doctor was very professional though did not have a useful answer to my question. Second time I had to wait 45 mins and the doctor was overly casual and came across as very unprofessional. He was helpful and caring though and seemed to mostly know what he's doing. $200 out of pocket for each visit seemed a bit steep but I guess medical care is expensive.....

My brother came down with a bad cold and I wouldn't have wanted to go anywhere else. First there were the basics: an amazing location near Columbus Circle and its convenient hours (many other clinics I checked closed much earlier than CityMD). Then the following events truly impressed me. When we arrived, we filled out some paperwork and were seen in about 10 minutes. The doctor was friendly and professional (and board-certified for emergency medical situations). After the exam, a prescription was given in case my brother's cold got worse and an additional test for strep throat was also taken. Overall, the experience was efficient, yet thorough, while caring at the same time. The cost of $125 is reasonable considering the level of care and service. Our worries left us as we headed back out into the intense bustle of New York City.If you're traveling and need to see a doctor in NYC, CityMD has, without a doubt, earned its high star rating. Highly recommended.

DANGEROUS PLACE. Painful experience. Doctors cant even diagnose common, yet dangerous if not treated, ailments. The african american female dr. is pathetic. When we I describe an obvious visual symptom and told her what I thought I had, she laughed saying she did not see what I was seeing and that was not my ailment. I was so insistent that she had another doctor step in the room, give the same remark as her with out looking at all the different physical signs and walked out. This was the young white doctor. This was followed by her saying ok? you don't have anything there. OK? Believe me! What a prick. This is why she works in a walk in clinic and not a hospital or better care facility.  DANGEROUS!  I then had to pay well over $100. to be told I had nothing by a smug, terrible dr.  2 DAYS LATER on Monday I went to my primary doctor who on sight diagnosed it and immediately prescribed the necessary treatment.

This is the future of health care. I have been here twice and waited less than 10 minutes to be seen both times. Onsite X-rays and labs. The administration and medical providers are knowledgable and courteous. I have and will continue to recommend this facility. Great for travelers too.

Visited City MD on a Saturday afternoon after deciding I didn't want to wait until Monday to see if I could get into my regular doctor for an appointment. Given my symptoms, my husband and I were pretty sure I had Shingles and although it wasn't pain that was completely unbearable, the more I read, the more I didn't want to wait until Monday or possibly Tuesday to get started on meds. So, I arrived around noon and was asked to fill out all info, insurance etc. The place was very clean and everyone was very friendly. I think the time from checking in to checking out was around an hour and fifteen minutes. I have to say that there have been times at regular doctor's offices where I have waited longer than that while having an established appointment. I had interactions with three different people in the exam room including the doctor, and all were courteous and relatively swift. Given my straight forward symptoms I think it was pretty easy for the doctor to confirm my diagnosis, but nonetheless, he explained what he was going to prescribe and what I could expect. There were no problems with the staff entering my insurance and the prescriptions were promptly sent to my pharmacy. I would highly recommend City MD to anyone who has the need for non-emergency yet relatively urgent care if you can't get into your normal doctor same day.

I was having a very bad sore throat and needed to make sure it wasn't strep. My experience was smooth and drama free.The reception staff looked right at me, smiled and greeted me as soon as I entered the door. It was not the typical NY experience where they ignore you or play like they don't see you.I was in an exam room with 10 minutes. The medical aide was professional yet personable and very thorough. The doctor was also professional and warm and took time to answer my questions. Check out was straight forward with no hassles.I have a primary care physician, but if I ever need emergency or quick care again, I will return to CityMD!

I think the staff at this location, sadly including the physicians, think they run a service business. Totally incompetent as a health care facility. I waited over two hours to be seen. When the doctor finally got to me, she only focused on one of the complaints I went in for. For the concern she focused on, she first administered the wrong test kit, then realized and did it again; in the end, ended up ordering the wrong test to be run, which I found out two days later. I understand everybody has long days but doctors do not have the luxury to under perform. If you are tired / confused, go home. To fix the mix up, the staff told me to come in again so that they could do the test again but couldn't answer if they would charge me for it twice. They promised that a manager would call me to let me know and a day later I still haven't received a call. Meanwhile, the concern the physician ignored caused me to go to the emergency room the following day. Had she followed the procedure and not rush through her consultation, I would have been fine. Please value your health and do not go to this clinic. You could be misdiagnosed. Your wait time is not guaranteed to be short and even if it was, convenience does not offset the atrocious quality of medical advice you get.

I'm an out of state college student, so I wasn't really sure where I should go when I came down with a UTI. I dropped by here, and the staff were super friendly, alleviating my anxiety about a) going to the doctor and b) going to an unfamiliar doctor. The paperwork was straightforward, although I did see staff members helping others through it if they needed it. I didn't wait long to be seen; I was there for about a total of an hour, from when I walked in to when I left. The nurse, assistant, and doctor were all friendly and were never dismissive. I received my first dose right in there in the office, which was great, since my prescription ended up being delayed by the pharmacy. They also took my insurance no problem, which was great! Highly recommend for anyone, especially anybody who doesn't have a doctor in the area (local university students, I'm looking at you).

I visited this location last month because I had a cough and needed some codeine syrup so that I could get to sleep until I got better. I'm sure the doctors there and their methodologies vary, and some might be great; I was not thrilled with the particular doctor I got this time because he was abrupt and, without any real examination or conversation, was pushing things on me that I didn't ask for or need (e.g., antibiotics and a urine test when my symptoms indicated something simple and viral), but finally I got the simple prescription I came for.This was initially a worse review than it is now because I had some billing concerns; CityMD was technically abiding by their own policies and not intentionally cheating me, but I still felt I was not given the appropriate information to make the best payment decision at the time of my visit. They did not ask me to change my review even after my concerns were addressed, but I find it only fair to do so...I do give credit to them for being attentive to and addressing my concerns once the issue came to their attention. I would strongly recommend, though, that anyone with insurance who visits CityMD and who has a high insurance deductible be very clear beforehand on what your insurance company "allows" to be charged for an urgent care visit, because that is what you will be charged if you go through insurance in any way, even if the money is coming out of a self-funded account...in some cases, it may end up making more sense to self-pay even if you have insurance.

I rarely write reviews because I'm too lazy... But CityMD deserves a review, a really good one too. I was having mild pain in my stomach and other symptoms, and I'm a bit of a hypochondriac so I wanted to get checked out ASAP. I knew finding a doctor or going to an ER was not possible because either you have wait for weeks or hours, and waiting in the ER is a very unpleasant experience. I had some bad experiences with urgent care centers (I'm from upstate NY, and unless you're dying right in front of the place, you wouldn't go into a urgent care clinic. They rarely have doctors and they are filled with crabby physician's assistants...) But anyway, I looked at the reviews on yelp for the cityMD on 57th, and they were all good except for a few outliers. I decided to give it a shot and walked in around 4:30, the place was very busy so I thought I was gonna be there for at least a few hours. By the way the place is very clean and welcoming, not cold and lifeless like ERs. To my surprise, they took me in after 35-40mins (mind you, this was right around rush hour and there were 5 people ahead of me). First I got my vitals checked by a wonderful and pleasant woman (I think she was a physician's assistant). She was so nice and so relaxed, asked me what was wrong, and told me a doctor would be with me in a while. My doctor (Dr. Zebuda) was also awesome, he listened to me and didn't dismiss me. My complaints were not urgent or life threatening, but he still cared and offered to do tests and advised that I got an ultrasound. He informed me about the extras and the prices (i.e. $25 for urine test) I was told about the price of everything every step of the way, and they didn't come up with test after test to get my money. I was actually UNINSURED (drawing your attention in case you are too) and as soon as he learned about it he said I could get the ultrasound on my ovaries later and that I should definitely get the abdomen ultrasound because of where my pain was located. I was set up with an ultrasound appointment that evening. They actually found something (not going to elaborate) and set me up with a reputable surgeon the next day. I actually got theee calls from citymd, they just wanted to follow up and wanted to see if I met my surgeon and if I had pain. I also asked to be set up with a PCP and they handled that too! (At an independent hospital) These guys go above and beyond to make their patients happy and healthy, and they're not done with you even when you're out the door. I can't say enough good things about citymd, especially the 57th clinic. Thank you for everything!

I didn't know an urgent care place could be this nice. The doctor, her assistant and the front desk were all so kind and I only waited for 15 minutes. It's also clean and conveniently located.

Went to this clinic because of a couple bumps on my foot. I saw a 'physicians assistant' and was misdiagnosed by him. After visiting a different clinic a week later, I saw a true doctor who claims this never should have been misdiagnosed (apparently it was a common problem). In future, do yourself a favor and go to a clinic with actual doctors rather than a dozen assistants supervised by one doctor. Also, received a whopper bill from this clinic - all for an assistant! Ridiculous. If you want a true medical opinion, seek out a true medical doctor.

The woman at reception needs to learn how Talk to people. I rather be in pain then let them milk my insurance company

My 2,5 years old toddler had gotten a bad cut close to his eye in Central Park. The Doctor was the nicest - she cleaned it, glued it and bandaged it while singing a song to him. Then gave him and I a good explanation of what to expect in the following days. The medical assistant was also very thoughtful, entertaining my son during the procedure and holding his hands. As a result, he only cried a tiny bit and was laughing a few minutes later. They gave both my sons Teddy Bears and a football. We were in and out really quickly. What could have been a nightmarish evening at the emergency room, ended being a very smooth experience for a $20 co-pay. Thanks a lot.

Excellent bedside manner. Front Staff were very compassionate.Needed care and they were there.Thank you CityMD!

I didn't want to write a review right off the bat, because I wanted to make sure that everything worked out... So today is the day after, and I think it may be time for me to review this place. I came here for a swollen tooth. Then looking on yelp and finding this place got me a little excited, because a) it was really close to where I live, and b) because of all the great reviews. However, I found the medical side of this visit to have fallen short of what was expected. I have to say Customer Service of this place is really amazing, really nice receptionists and nurses. I went in after work, so I arrived around 6:30 or so, filled out the paper work, and was called in to a room within 15 min. So that was all expected after reading other yelp reviews.What I did not expect was it took around 45 min to wait in the room for the doctor to arrive, and when he did, he took a quick look, pressed here and there and said my gums and tooth was swollen because of my wisdom tooth was growing out. He gave me a prescription and sent me on my way. After doing everything last night, I woke up today to a SWOLLEN FACE! so, the inflammation has now spread from the back of my mouth to my front teeth, and up my cheek. Now that I have been up for quite some time, it isn't as swollen/huge as when I first woke up. When I first got it, lets just say I had some problems smiling. So I just made an appointment to a dentist, giving the doctor the benefit of the doubt that maybe he knows what he is talking about, and maybe the dentist will be able to fix me up today. But I am 100% convinced it isn't my wisdom tooth, because I have been to 5 doctors up till this point to clean my teeth, and they all say my wisdom teeth are in the perfect place and don't need to be removed.Actually when I told the doctor this last night, he looked at me incredulously, and made me feel really self conscious, stupid and like I didn't know what I was talking about... But it might have just been me being over sensitive. So I guess I will give an update to this review as to what my dentists say, and if last night's doctor was actually right about my wisdom tooth, and that thinking my wisdom tooth isn't the problem is actually ignorance on my part.UPDATE：I don't know why, I cannot find the update button, so I am just going to edit my review.So apparently the doctor was right, it was my wisdom tooth, or at least that was what was confirmed by my dentist. My dentist was also very impressed, because he said most doctors wouldn't have concluded it was a wisdom tooth problem. So, I guess it was totally my fault for the speculation. So yesterday, I had my my tooth removed... on the fly... needless to say, my face is still swollen today. I just hope, it will got back to normal soon.

I love this place. I brought my three year old in after he got a bad cut on his forehead. The doctor cleaned it, glued it and bandaged it so fast. The medical assistant was so nice, entertaining my son during the procedure. We were in and out in an hour. I am so grateful this place exists.

Amazing place!!!!they took such good care of my friend who is over from the UK on a business trip.Caring and kind and ever so nice and calming.Thank you for the wonderful service!!!!

I am a completely satisfied new patient after visiting this facility today to have a foreign object removed from my foot. The entire staff was extremely friendly & efficient, all waiting & treatment areas super clean & wait time was very quick. I had my vitals & history taken & Dr. Peter arrived to examine situation & recommended x-rays. He then patiently removed a metal object embedded in my heel. He had an excellent & calming bedside manner as this was unavoidably painful at times.  I was wavering between this first time visit to an Urgent Care Facility or an Emergency Room, & I know I made the right choice & was lucky to have selected CityMD-W 57th St. This took about an hour in total, but most likely would have been several hours at an emergency room.  Kudos to great service & wonderful staff. Thank you.

Second time here. Arrived at 10am and was out by 11am. They took my insurance and I ended up paying $30 copay. They called ahead to my pharmacy for prescription so it was very simple. Very clean and organized, with masks and tissues in the waiting area. First assistant tool vitals, second questioned me about symptoms and then assisted when doctor arrived. Dr Kim was kind and made sure to answer any questions. Great walk in as my primary care didn't have availability for a week.

Extremely friendly staff. I was very impressed at the efficiency of the clinic. Dr. Cocioba was very helpful. Highly recommended!!!

During a recent work trip to NYC I ended up pretty sick and did not feel like I was going to be able to get through my work week. I found CityMD on Yelp and decided to visit the office. The wait was not too bad and as a cash pay patient, it was not too expensive for a regular office visit. The doctor was knowledgeable and was able to diagnose me in a short amount of time. Unfortunately I had a virus, so there was not much she could do, but I walked out knowing what I could do to minimize my symptoms, which helped a lot.

The best urgent care visit EVER. Was treated extremely well. From the time we walked in the door till check out. And the prices.....reasonable. Wow very impressed. Thank you thank you. Now my husband and I can enjoy the rest of our NYC trip.

I can't recommend this place enough. Having just moved here from the UK I don't have a GP - I've come here three or four times for various things (broken ribs, repeat prescriptions, etc.) and every time has been such a positive experience. Appreciate in the evenings it's more busy, but I have usually gone during the day and not had to wait more than 5 mins to be seen. Staff are so friendly and understanding, and the facilities are brilliant - very clean with comfy chair and wide screen TV in every consultation room (awesome if you have to wait for results!).The co-pay is more expensive because it's an emergency clinic - I think I've paid $50 or so for an appointment but when you've broken a bone this is besides the point! It was recommended to me by a friend and I would 100% recommend to everyone else.

Very efficient, clean and pleasant facility. I went in the past to some other City MD places in NYC, but now that I have moved closer to this particular location, I had to go to the one on West 57th Street (it was for the second part of an immunization), so, I was pretty pleased with them and in my opinion, they are even better than other City MD places I have been to before. Polite, professional, very sanitary and not much waiting. Highly recommend this particular location

Smooth process- in and out. Knowledgable and attentive staff/physician assistants. The doctor was great, too. The office was super clean. Will be coming back in the future when I'm sick or hurt.

They were fantastic. I am visiting from Portland and last night I sprained my ankle. From the front desk to the back end super friendly, no waiting and thorough..Thank you..

sometimes i feel sick and don't want to:1. wait days/weeks for my primary care doctor2. wait hours and get a massive ER bill.citymd makes it so easy to get treated.clean, bright, well ventilated spaceshort wait timeseasily see a board certified doctorfor any nonemergent medical issues.courteous staff members.never feel rushed or hurried.

I recently used there services.  Quick, efficient and professional.  Facility was clean and well laid out.

In the past I've been bombarded with medical bills that seem to have no end. This and that test and whatnot. For that reason alone, I practically avoid hospitals like the plague (pun intended). Reluctantly and after much convincing, I went in on wednesday night for a swollen ankle. Filled out a quick form while standing over the counter. Paid $125 (sans insurance - which to my standards was actually cheaper than having insurance in the past) and within 10 minutes was seen by the nurse and then the doctor. HGTV is playing non stop, from the waiting room to the examination room. But the visit was so quick (but thorough) and painless that I didn't get to see the final home reveal :( I was given the medicine I needed right then and there (no charge because they had it in stock). Went back this morning for a checkup and aside from all checkups being free of charge-that alone gave this a 5 star rating, they are located right next to the subway so I wasn't even late to work.Bing bang boom.

There are some pros to this place: easy to get to, relatively nice reception staff, and a follow-up phone service that checks on you a few days later. For my particular situation though I can't quite give it five stars.I had abdominal pain and, since I hate the ER (who doesn't?), thought coming here would be helpful. Unfortunately I managed to show up at what must have been their busiest time, because it was about a 45-minute wait to be seen. Other Yelpers may have better luck, but oh well. When I was seen, the doctor just seemed really disengaged: it really didn't seem like he was listening to my history (a previous surgery that could definitely have been at play with the pain I was having) and I had to keep repeating where the pain was. He finally shrugged and said, "There's not much I can do, you can either wait it out or go to the ER." Which...I knew before I walked in. I understand they're not a full-fledged facility with an MRI or anything, but I'd been hoping for a little more than that.However, I did appreciate the polite reception and nurses--I'm sure they see a lot of activity all day, but they were still nice to each person who walked in. When I received a call from their follow-up service a couple days later, I mentioned the situation to them and also that the pain level was about the same (not normal but not debilitating enough for the ER), she suggested I go back and have blood work done. I'm not sure why that wasn't done the first time, so having to go a second time (because I did want to check on that) wasn't very convenient.I'd go back here, but only for something immediately fixable--a virus or if a cut needs a few stitches. If there's something more, seems like the thing to do is wait it out or go to the ER.

I came to CityMD with to address a growing medical issue hoping just to get some meds and be on my way. I was pleasantly surprised by this facility and it's staff. The office is very clean and modern, unlike most doctor's offices in which I've been. Registration was simple and efficient. I was seen by a Doctor within 10 minutes of arriving.The level of care was exceptional from my first visit all the way through my third and final follow up. I received the meds I asked for but had to return on the advice of the doctor after they didn't help (always listen to your doctor!). The facility called in my prescription to Duane Reade which was ready in minutes. I returned to have a minor procedure done right in the office which I've had done numerous times before. This procedure can generally be very painful when rushed but the staff at CityMD ensured that I was fully numbed before doing anything. The procedure was virtually pain free!The facility called (on a Sunday!!!) to follow up on my lab results and check on my well-being. I even received a follow up call on Monday just to check in again.  I have recommended this to my family and friends who live or work in the city. I will absolutely return.Oh - and they accepted my insurance with a very small copay for the initial visit and none for the follow ups.

Woke up with a terrible tooth ache this weekend and couldn't see my dentist until the following Tuesday. I am new to the area so I began a search for an urgent care clinic nearby. I decided to visit the CityMD Clinic on 57th.The service was fast and very courteous, I was in front of a doctor within 5 minutes. She was sympathetic to my plight and took care of the problem right away with no bs.I highly recommend this clinic for any of you Hell's Kitchen locals.

While the staff is absolutely lovely here upon my most recent visit they informed me they do NOT accept any kind of Obamacare insurance. I noticed no other reviewer mentioned this and I feel that is VERY important for people to know. I have been to this place about four times now.  I have always had excellent friendly service but I found this put a bad taste in my mouth especially the condescending manner it was described to me by the woman at the front desk. It feels discriminatory to me. If that wasn't bad enough that I had to pay completely out of pocket for my visit, all of my tests that I had done were almost double what they cost the previous year. I will stick to a physician who happily takes my insurance.

I came in yesterday for the first time. I had an itching rash and my co-workers suggested I try CityMD since there is no wait time. I was like ok, yeah right, but I'll try it. Had I not had to fill out a 3 minute intake sheet, my wait time would have ben zero minutes. I've never been called on so quickly, it was amazing. There is nothing worse than sitting in a waiting room feeling like crap wondering what the hell they are doing in the back. Sonia and Dr Skyers were great. Sonia was very thorough in documenting my symptoms. When Dr Skyers walked into the room I knew I was in good hands. She has such a great demeanor. The first thing she said to me was "don't worry, I'm going to make you better." it was a very comforting feeling; I've never had a doctor say that to me. The office was very clean, everyone was super friendly, and I was in and out in about 30 minutes. Awesome experience, I would HIGHLY recommend using CityMD to anyone.

Being in the med field myself, I should know a few things about being in waiting rooms and seeing a physician. That being said, CityMD is probably your best bet for convenience, time, and scheduling if you're coming in for something simple. If you got something broken, take yourself to the closest ER. If you need a physical or basic meds for the winter cold, this is probably a lot faster than waiting in a doctor's office or ER. (There's a list of things they do on their website)Scheduling is easy and fast and can be done online even before you come in. Make sure to call and see if your insurance is taken. The waiting area is one of the cleanest and modern I've seen with pieces of art and flat screen TV's. From start to finish, considering you scheduled before you came it should take you 5-15 minutes before you are seen and most likely 30 mins in total to get out. Easily done on a lunch break. **TIP: if you're coming here for a referral, think again, they don't do that in urgent care so schedule with your primary doctor for that.

I'm from out of town and this is a walkin clinic open on Sunday. I pre-registered online (which took a whole five minutes) and called around 9:30 AM. They said no one was there (no patients waiting). I walked from my hotel to this place. Since I registered online I didn't need to fill out a lick of paperwork. I was taken back within five minutes of arrival and seen within five minutes of that. They said even when they're busy people generally go back within fifteen minutes. The staff were attractive and friendly and treated me nicely. I hope I don't need to go back on this super short trip but if I did, I wouldn't hesitate to go again.

They have a very nice facility and accommodating staff. The wait was very short and they were willing to see us right before closing time.

The people here were really nice. I didn't really understand what kind of care they were able to provide and they were a bit vague when answering but I guess come to them if you really can't wait for a primary and you need some assurance.

Very expensive even if you have insurance. Never again! I went in for a quick office visit that involved looking at my hand and writing a prescription. $435! My insurance paid $235 and I receive a bill for $215. Absolutely ridiculous.

We were visiting NYC and our 4 month old came down with a horrible cough. We came in an hour before closing and were greeted with smiling faces. We filled out a small amount of paperwork and were taken back to a room within 5 minutes. Dr. Chu came in almost immediately and diagnosed her with croup. You can tell that he really cares about his patients and their well being. So refreshing to meet a doctor who is not only knowledgable but personable as well! We were sent on our way with a prescription in hand and directions to the nearest 24 hour pharmacy.I would HIGHLY recommend coming here.

I have been here twice already this year because my doctor's office was closed, and I had what turned out to be swine flu and then, a few weeks later, pink eye.The other reviews seem to have this covered, but yeah, the support staff is quick and attentive, and the doctors and nurses have been thorough and friendly. When I leave the exam room, the prescriptions are printed out and waiting for me up front. I'll probably go here whenever possible even when my usual doctor's office is open.

Medical staff is top notch, very professional, caring and focused on the patient.The reception/billing staff are unprofessional and childish.After being treated for a bruised shin I was asked to wait in the reception area for my name to be called. I sat for fifteen minutes while the two reception agents and the billing agent were horsing around. When I finally approached the counter to make sure that I had correctly understood that I should wait to be called, the billing agent said "Oh, I just printed up your documents!". This in spite of the fact that I had been watching them horse play for quite a while. He then took my copay and gave me a receipt on which the purpose of the visit was not shown. I asked for a receipt which indicated that the payment was for a copay or office visit. He was unable to do this. The office manager was sitting behind him working on the computer the entire time but ignored the situation and did not intervene. It is a shame that the medical professionals in the back office are supported by staff who lack the same standards.

I had to come here after I had a slight emergency. I sliced my hand open and needed stitches. This would have cost a few thousand, easily, at an emergency room. I arrived here and was called in within 5 minutes. Everyone was polite and they were very well staffed. Dr. David Chu was awesome! He stitched me up and kept me talking to keep my mind off of it, I guess. I was out within 20 minutes with 4 stitches and good to go. The facility seemed very clean and taken care of. I was told that to be seen it would be $120 plus an estimate of $160 to get stitched up. Final bill was $125! It was my pleasure to pay this amount! I'm very appreciative of this place and their services, and Dr. Chu and the staff. The nurses were very polite as well... the front desk staff... everyone. I was told that they treat for minor conditions (colds, etc.) to minor emergencies. I definitely will be returning here one day, I am sure.

Been here twice already because of work proximity. Both times were excellent experiences. They're professional, knowledgeable, friendly, helpful, AND efficient. Seriously!? Great work guys!

HOWEVER CONVENIENT, RELYING ON CITYMD FOR ANYTHING REMOTELY SERIOUS MAY BE DANGEROUS TO YOUR HEALTH.I have gone to CityMD and told just to hope things get better, and, distrusting them, I went to the emergency room at the hospital. At the ER they were amazed that CityMD just sent me away; the ER went ahead with a surgical procedure. Sh**ityMD is our nickname for this company - profit is their motive and they are very poor at referring to other institutions. A great doctor is really not going to work here at this supermarket-like non-institution, so don't expect you will get good care here.The walk-in clinic is a great concept, but you have options other than Sh**tyMD, e.g. there are non-emergency-room regular-fee walk-in clinics at:- Mount Sinai- NYU Langone- New York Presbyterianand more... all of which have a full network of services to refer you to if needed.If you are 100% sure you have a very minor, simple problem, Sh**tyMD may be fine. They have a good rating because they have good customer service. But for healthcare issues, worry more about medical competence.  And, if they send you away and you later find out you are very sick, consider legal action. That will get the attention of the Sh**tyMD investors.

I've been here several times for various ailments. There are positives and negatives to be said about CityMD but mostly the good outweigh the bad!Let's start with the positives:I love the cleanliness and feel of the place; overall, it is a very clean and comfortable office from the waiting area to the actual exam rooms. I'm glad there are plenty of tissues, water dispensers, and hand sanitizers all over. I've even come here when they had baskets of spray-hand santizers for you to take with you. That was a nice touch.Some doctors are really very good! They are precise, provide explanation, nice, patient, listen, and have personality. Some not so much. I don't want to name names, and honestly I don't remember most of them, but there are a few good ones here, I promise. I like how they are liberal with medication. Now, that's not to say they hand it out or that I've ever asked for a specific kind in any way. Or that the doctor's prescribe things you don't need. By this comment I simply mean that they are able to quickly understand your pain and give you medicine to treat it. Which brings me to my next positive...They are usually quick with diagnoses, which I will consider a good thing. Lastly, they always send you off with a summary of your visit.Negatives:Wait times can be long, sometimes even for checking out (?). And I hate waiting, especially when sick. I'm sure some of you can understand this one.My visits have been all over the map. The array of doctors here is very wide with diverse backgrounds, knowledge, and experience. I have seen a couple of doctors who I definitely would not like to see again but I've also come across doctors who are just superb.There were a couple, only a couple, times when the receptionists in the front were unprofessional, i.e. goofing around, talking about their weekends, etc. Needless to say this was not discrete and unacceptable.

I am very passionate about this place. Came in to take care of what I thought was the flu and I needed to be seen quick. (It was just a sinus infection, thanks for wondering.) Everything was easy-peasy. The receptionist kicked ass even though I forgot my insurance card. My nurse was so sweet and thorough. And my doctor came in and was efficient and able to answer any of my questions without seeming like he wanted to move on to the next patient. The atmosphere was so damn chill they even paused to indulge me in a couple of jokes. The wait time was so minimal. Everything was clean. And I felt taken care of. I feel better already because of the meds, and the excellent service.Jah feel. Will definitely be going back again. Recommending to all my bros.

The office staff and the doctor were probably the nicest and most helpful health providers I've ever encountered. Everyone was professional, warm and thorough. Such a rarity! Highly recommend.

Awesome service, modern and clean environment and cheap price. Wait time is less than 15 mins and thanks to my insurance, I only spent $50 for my visit!

As others have mentioned, my experience to was a pleasant surprise. Welcoming staff, clean and up to date facility. Filled out the new patient form and was seen by a doctor diagnosed and out the door within 35-40 minutes.

I didn't realize this type of urgent care existed until I saw it on Zoc Doc after my regular doctor's line rang out for two days straight. I went in the morning around 10 am and was seen pretty much immediately. Filled out paperwork in advance online. They were able to give me several medications onsite including an injection that they ran from another facility. The place is cleaner and nicer than most primary care physician offices I've been to in the city. And to boot, their bedside manners were excellent; the doc and all of the assistants were incredibly nice and seemed like they cared. When I started feeling faint after they took blood (on an empty stomach), the medical assistant brought me some granola bars and gatorade! I was blown away. I paid my typical co-pay. I'm so glad I live somewhere they have things like this when you just can't wait! I got a follow up call as well which was greatly appreciated.

Everyone was polite. It was clean, friendly. Reminded me of the new look at Duane Reade. Almost didn't want to leave.

Starting our weekend in nyc my husband Had a calf injury. We were afraid there could be a blood clot so decided to get it checked out. What a very pleasant experience . We were in and out in 45 minutes. Everyone was so professional!

I came here two weeks ago and again today for a follow up visit. the staff was knowledgeable, professional, and very empathetic. It only took about five minutes or less to be seen both times and they were very thorough. I haven't had a more pleasant experience at a doctors office in years. If you need a doctor on short notice, this is the best place to go!

I got sick during a holiday, so my doctor was closed. I arrived at CityMD and was seen by doctor within 10 minutes of my arrival. She was absolutely great. It turns out it was actually quite serious, so they quickly arranged for me to go and have a scan at the hospital. I was so impressed to have been so quickly helped and with such urgency and courteousness. Very highly recommended!

Had a great experience here. I had sliced my finger pretty badly 3 days after I found out I was pregnant again so the paranoid people around me made me go get it looked at and I didn't want to deal with the ER. They cleaned, glued it right up and had me out the door within 30 minutes tops, and nothing hurt.

Well, on the bright side there was literally only 5 minutes of wait time which was wonderful when I was suffering from an allergic reaction (rash). The staff was friendly and prompt. However, I am disappointed because they put me on 5 days of steroids for a rash without a taper and as such, I had a major flare-up right afterwards. Nothing a derma couldn't fix (and frankly they should've caught that too as I showed them the scripts that City MD gave me), but I wish they were more thorough. The Dr (O.D) told me that the prednisone pills would be easier than the Medrol pack (taper) b/c only one pill a day.. I should've realized that means no taper... but then I'm not the doctor here.If I had a sprain or something and needed immediate attention perhaps I'd come here as I believe they do have an x-ray on site. However, for anything else, I think I'd skip and wait to see my regular doctor.Sorry, I really wanted to like this place!

Following up from my previous review. While I do generally have great service from CityMD themselves, this review is to warn people not to go here for medical care if they will need to get any tests done. The lab that CityMD uses for all of their tests is AWFUL. Every time they bill me, they don't charge it right to my insurance, try to charge me more, try to charge me twice, and are very annoying to deal with. Today they sent me a large bill that I had already paid in February. I have the receipt and the credit card statement from when I paid it, as well as the old bill which is IDENTICAL. When complaining to my friend she said she had the exact same issue whenever she uses CityMD/Shiel Labs, so I wanted to warn people about it.

What can I say other than WOW! I came in on a Sunday afternoon and I was in and out (including a blood test) in about 45 min. The staff was efficient, professional and friendly. The doctor was wonderful as were her assistants. The follow up was outstanding and the transparency along the entire process was beyond belief. Whoever set this up, chose the staff and manages this totally hit a home run. I would highly, highly, highly (did I say highly?!) recommend this facility and all of its staff members. Big thanks for the service and the piece of mind you gave me!!!!!

I walk past this place all the time and it always looked clean, warm and inviting, so when my Dr. couldn't fit me in on a Monday (after all weekend of hideous coughing and sore throat), I stopped in to CityMD. The staff was super cordial, the paperwork was minimal. They said it would be a 20 minute wait and I guessed from the crowd it would be more like an hour. But about 25 minutes later I got shown to a very nice room and taken care of. I totally disagree with another comment about it being "too hospital like." Clearly that person hasn't been to a New York City hospital! The tech and the doc were both bright, cheerful, helpful and informative. I walked out with a bunch of things to take care of my cough and was on my merry way for a $15 co-pay. Shockingly, they even called me a week later to see if I was on the mend. Two thumbs up!

Have used them three times when my regular doctor was unavailable. The staff is friendly, compassionate and professional and have always gotten me back on my feet. Wait times are generally very quick and they give you organized paperwork summarizing the visit and follow-ups (if necessary) that is super helpful.

It's a Christmas Miracle!!!! My husband came down with the flu on Christmas Eve and felt terrible. We ended up going to CItyMD and were seen within 10 minutes of arriving. 2 pages of information to fill out and our insurance card and we were set. We went back to the exam room and the nurse took all of the vital signs and then administered an instant flu test. As the flu test processed, the doctor came in and did a thorough examination. It ended up being a mild version of the flu and sinusitus. We received 3 prescriptions and paid our co-pay and we were out the door. The staff was incredibly friendly, welcoming and provided straight and timely answers. It was our first experience at CityMD and we would absolutely go back - they run a very good operation with knowledgeable and kind staff and physicians.

A good back-up to your primary care provider. The facilities are clean (but a bit too hospital-like) and the reception staff is professional and friendly. I didn't find the medical professionals overly friendly; they seemed kind of rushed to get me in and out.One suggestion: get Wifi in the offices for patients and their family who are waiting.

Facility is very clean and the staff are courteous and friendly. I highly recommend this location.

I got a splinter under my fingernail. I saw my doctor in the morning and he said I needed to see a dermatologist because they have the right equipment to deal with it. Even made the appointment for me. Walked in , waited for an hour and was told "oh no...you need a surgeon" . Told me to go to the emergency room. I walked outside, teary and frustrated and right next door was City MD. I had no idea what it was so I walked in just to find out. Half an hour later I was leaving, splinter removed, everyone kind and caring and all it cost was my primary care copay. $15!This was an amazing, wonderful, incredible experience! In NYC! They really rock!

The best place to get immediate care in the city without spending hours in an emergency room or waiting days to see a doctor. They also have reasonable prices for those without insurance. They have all the equipment of a doctor's office and more...EKG, Xray, even scans (not sure if it's CT but it looked like it was). Everyone from the front desk, to medical assistants to doctor was friendly during my visit. They did have an issue getting the EKG machine to work and also taking my blood (which I never have difficulty with) but they weren't major mistakes and they eventually were corrected.One reason I gave off one star is because both the doctor and front desk told me they would call with my results, whether positive or negative. I never received a call and had to call on my own to get them. I realize most doctors don't call back if results are normal but they shouldn't promise calls regardless of test outcome if they aren't going to actually do it. I would still recommend to others and come back if I myself needed their services.

After months of being dragged through the bureaucratic crapstorm of the insurance game coupled with the NYC health system (ambulance, hospital, multiple doctors) I was really not expecting much when I called CityMD to see if my condition required a visit. I was worried about how I was reacting to some new medication and couldn't reach the MD who had prescribed it to me (not really my MD, long story).The gentleman that answered the phone (Angel) was calm, polite, and answered all my questions. He gently suggested I stop by for a visit.After some paperwork, I was seen within minutes (no more than 5) and taken care of. The doctor (Dr. Shih) did not rush me, was attentive, had a lot of answers and information, and for the first time in months (no exaggeration), I finally felt like a medical professional in NYC actually cared about me and my health.The most pleasant part of CityMD is the manners of the staff. If you enter and reception is on the phone, they will look up, make eye-contact, and whisper "one moment." I watched them do this a few times for multiple patients. It really makes a difference! Lastly, on your way out, everybody sincerely says "Feel better!" and when you feel like crap and have been battling the system for so long just to get some decent treatment, that really goes a long way.

I had a really bad sore throat for a few days and I did not feel any better. I decided to go to this new walk in clinic in the city. No appointments!! I must have been walking by this clinic like 10,000 times and finally I gave it a try. My first impression, very friendly staff, super clean and fast. Oh and very reasonable. $125 for a visit if you have no insurance.They gave me 3 different tests ( all btw $10-15 each).Dr. Patel was wonderful! Oh and in the room while I was waiting for the Dr. they turned on the TV for me. This is how all clinics should be. I felt like they cared! Customer service really good.I was in and out !This will be my Dr. from now on.

Amazing!!! I decided to stop in because it is close to my job and I'm so glad I did. I suffer from strep throat frequently and I knew I was coming down with it again and wanted to seek attention quickly. The receptionist helped me as soon as I walked in the door. It was my first time there, so I filled out the registration forms while walking to the office. Saved me a few minutes of waiting. The nurse called me within five minutes and he was the sweetest guy ever. He asked his series of questions and was very friendly and caring. He gave me the strep test and came back in with the doctor who was also great. The doctor started me on my antibiotics right there in the office and sent my scrip to my local pharmacy. In and out in less than 30 mins. I don't even get results like that from my PCP. I would highly recommend this place. Super friendly and super clean!

Walked over to this location on my lunch to get some routine blood work. Total time from start to finish was maybe 30 minutes. About 10 of those minutes were my own "addition" due to a bad reaction to having blood drawn. The nurses were delightful, the doctor was super nice. After the blood was taken, they brought me a Gatorade AND a Voss water. Voss is "fancy" water! I should also note that it was impeccably clean. Spotless! Definitely a surprisingly good experience!

I been to CityMD more times than I can count and I always get top of the line care. Dramatically faster than an emergency room while still allowing for walk-ins. I have never been steered wrong whether it be an unknown sickness I had or pain I was feeling, they always diagnosed me correctly and cured me faster than I ever had. Not to mention they do STD screenings and are incredibly accurate, I went once because I was misdiagnosed by my physician's clinic for a STD and they were able to determine with a correct diagnosis that i did not have any STD whatsoever, and all within a few days.       The Staff is always friendly and all the doctors are the best NYC has to offer. They can usually diagnose you within a few minutes of you telling them the symptoms you are experiences. They always affirm their on the spot diagnosis with blood tests, and they are usually right. I highly recommend them for that reason and because of the previous paragraph.Absolutely Love them!

I went here last fall to get a nasty cut from a kitchen knife checked. The staff and doctor were very pleasant. Got a tetanus shot and a butterfly bandage. It was over $200 and worth every cent. In and out within half an hour....didn't loose the whole day in a hospital emergency room.I went back today to get checked for a sore throat, cough and ear pain. I was seen within five minutes of arriving. Again, left less than half an hour later with prescriptions and a bill for $125. I have no medical insurance now although I hope to by next month.CityMD is great, fast, reasonable and clean.Earlier in this week I went to an upper east side internist who had a dingy office on 88th Street for the same symptoms mentioned above. She gave me an expired sample of an asthma inhaler and told me there was nothing wrong with my ears, after I reminded her that I had ringing and pain.Cost $350 with and EKG and basic blood work. No question I will keep going to CityMD!!!

Was visiting NY and had a urinary infection. Went to CityMD on 57th, and had a great experience - especially with the help of Cicely! She called my insurance company to reduce my copay from $250 to $50 - all on her own initiative. Very refreshing and appreciated. The Doctor and assistants were all kind and thorough. I was in and out in less than an hour. Highly recommend!

Pretty good for what it is, an urgent care center. I went here trying to get pre travel medications for an itnernational trip. I literally had about an 8 minute wait, was brought in and taken care of. Got all my prescriptions and thorough directions. I also got a follow up call whcih was nice. One star off because there was some confusion regarding "appointments", this place is urgent care so there are really no appointments made, however they are on zoc doc and they allow you to schedule an appointment. It made no diffference for me because they saw me as soon as I walked in, but I can imagine someone being pissed if they made an appointment on zoc doc, came in and there was a long wait and this appointment time was not honored.

I had a great experience. Went there, there was no waiting list, it was my first time there I just filled the forms and was asked to come to the doctors office in 5 minutes. They took my blood pressure, temperature and then the doctor came. Dr Michelle Brosnan spend with me approximately 15 minutes. Explained nicely what to do, and it was over.Really nice experience, considering that we are all going there because of some health issue.

I had the best experience at CityMD. I came in with a lot of pain - the doctor was a great listener and called me the next few days to make sure I was ok. They went way above and beyond.

Found this place on yelp and the reviews are spot on. I was having horrible lower back pain. It was the weekend and thought the ER was going to be my only option. It was incredible how friendly and efficient these guys were. I did all my forms online and was checked in and seen my a doctor in leas than 25 minutes. A knowledgeable doctor and diagnosed my back pain and set a plan for recovery.

Had a pleasant experience at City MD. Came here earlier after an allergic reaction to some insect bites (very swollen arm and rashes all over), and Dr. Lee and his medical assistant were courteous and very professional. They asked lots of questions and made sure to rule out any and all causes before writing the prescription. I was afraid I would waste money on a co-pay and to be told "Just go home and take a Benadryl", but Dr. Lee and his medical assistant were very attentive and prescribed me a medication to reduce the reaction. Great staff and I would recommend to anyone if, like myself, it's a Sunday and you're feeling miserable and your primary care physician's office isn't open.

I am very happy I went to this urgent care clinic. They are friendly, clean, and fast! Very efficient and professional. I used to have medicaid and waited for hours trying to be seen by my doctor and that was with an appointment! Now that I've fallen through the medical cracks ( I can't afford insurance) I rarely am able to go to the doctor.This is a great place for when you are in a tight spot. The manager was very understanding of my situation and helpful. I felt very comfortable with the care I was receiving and spent more time walking over to the place than sitting in the waiting room. This is what all healthcare facilities should mimic.

CityMD just may be a true Godsend...came here recently because I wanted to avoid a trip/wait and expensive hospital fees for I am still paying off previous ER fees from recent hospital visits. Had to get a very severe swollen thumb drained and did not want to pay close to $1,000 to have that done at my closest hospital so I did my research about CityMD after seeing an ad for it on the subway a few months back. Luckily I kept them in mind just in case I needed to make another medical visit which indeed recently I needed.CityMD truly respects its patients and cares for the well being of those who need their service and is just now worried about a payment. With growing locations in Manhattan and hopefully expanding into the outer boroughs CityMD as procedure has you fill out a form to put your information to check you in and I emphasize, you will NOT wait any longer than 5 minutes to see a doctor. I have never been so pleased to be seen by a doctor and in a very clean environment at that. The doctor saw me and examined what needed to be done to get the swelling in my thumb under control and drained. Took the tools needed and drained it, wrapped it up to reduced bleeding and prescribed anitbiotics and pain killers to get better. Returned 2 days later for a free follow up and a few days after for another free follow up. Even after that they called to make sure that I was healing and feeling better. That is true care right there. The price to see the doctor was $125 being that I do not have medical insurance and another $150 for the procedure to drain the swelling. May sound pricey but consider if I had to get this same procedure done at a major hospital and waiting in ER. I wish I would of known about CityMD months ago as having to go to the ER for Shingles and now having to pay a ridiculous fee JUST for the diagnosis and then being prescribed drugs which really didn't work for me to get better. Definitely thank CityMD for their service and care.

Everyone from the reception to the nurse to the doctor are extremely friendly. We saw the doctor very quickly and they have everything you need here that most primary doctor clinics do not have. I found city md online and found out they have x rays on site, it's like a dream come true! Knocking out two doctor visits at once, that also helps save co pay money for those who need to pay a co pay. Thanks to the staff at City MD!

This was my first experience at CityMD, or better yet taking advantage of the whole Urgent Care system. I had the worst headaches and although I wasn't pleased about traveling all the way to 57th from Brooklyn on a weekend, it was definitely the right move. I dreaded going to a doctor, for which the wait would have been extremely long, even if I would have to see them at all with only a few hours notice. However not only was I able to come to CityMD with less than an hour notice, the sign in online feature was definitely was a plus. By the time I arrived at the clinic all my information was printed out, and I only had to wait a few minutes. The cleanliness factor was amazing, and although it seems like a "duh" moment to have a clean clinic, its surprising how many "not so" clean clinics there are. There was a brief history done and necessary information taken regarding my condition. I felt at ease. However, I would still highly recommend having a primary physician because although the service was prompt and all went well, I didn't feel as though the doctor, Dr. Shin I believe, was completely thorough. This isn't much of an error on his end as he doesn't know my medical history (in depth as a doctor could) and he's treating for whatever specific issue I came in for.The printout of the summary of the visit was very helpful for records, and most definitely appreciated the follow up phone call a few days later. As this is Urgent Care, it shouldn't be substituted for a permanent physician as your go-to physician would have your medical history and I feel by default would be able to arrive at a more conclusive diagnosis for whatever ails you.

I was having trouble getting an appointment with my regular doctor, so I decided to give the CityMD in Columbus Circle a try. I filled in my registration online and then stopped in right after work. It's great that they are open after office hours and on weekends. I don't think I waited more than five minutes before I was seen. I was a little hesitant at first when a duo of very young-seeming PA started taking my vitals and running through a really quick medical history. It felt a little amateur and rushed, but I was immediately comforted when the "real" doctor came in to see me. Dr Patulla was incredibly friendly, calming and professional.They called a few days later (on a Sunday) with my test results and called a prescription in to my local pharmacy, which was closed at the time. It was nice that they called back to see if I'd prefer they call a different place or if I was okay to wait until the morning.The entire experience so convenient and covered by my insurance (Oxford). I will definitely use them again.

We were on a long weekend vacation when I fell and needed X-rays. From the moment we walked in the door the staff here were amazing, caring and professional. I was treated quickly and the entire staff from checking to the X-ray tech and doctor were all in sync. I have excellent care when I see my primary doc and was not expecting the same level of service here. I would highly recommend these folks for medical needs quick and efficient and right on the mark. Made my day when I was in a lot of pain. Kudos to all of you.

Everyone in New York needs to know about good walk-in medical clinics - this is one. They accept all kinds of insurance, there is never any wait (yesterday I did not wait at all, and the receptionist told me 20 minutes would be considered "long"). I was seen by both a nurse and a doctor and CityMD called specialists on my behalf to refer me that same day (and sent ahead my patient information and insurance). And all I paid was my co-pay. It's clean and very nice in there. Highly highly recommend. Stay healthy, yelpers!Edit: reading some of these other reviews - make sure you note when you should actually be going to an emergency room vs. a clinic...

First the positive: The office itself is clean and the ladies at the front desk are very attentive. The Negative: The doctor (i believe her name was Dr. Skyers) would NOT listen to me. I almost felt as though I was being treated as a child. She wanted to prescribe me ammoxacilin for my throat, and i explained that in the past it never seemed to work. She mockingly said, "well that doctor probably misdiagnosed you." So, i went on my way and filled the prescription. 5 days later, i found myself at my family doctor in NJ with my throat closing up, needing steroids and a strong 10 day course of antibiotics.

Although the staff is very friendly and prompt, I can NOT recommend this business. It's the business aspect that ruins any positive experience. I live in Orlando and before coming to NYC I was treated for a bacterial infection. A couple weeks after getting to NYC the infection resurfaced. I went to CityMD and they gave me the same antibiotics I received in Orlando. One week later I was back because it didn't work. The doctor, Dr. Lee examined me and determined I needed a different type of antibiotic that they didn't have. So he referred me to an ER. My main issue is that they charged me a full co-pay for a "follow up" visit for a treatment of theirs that failed. They have a "no charge "policy if you return within 3 days of initial treatment knowing very well that you can't determine if treatment is working within 3 days. So their desire to make money clearly outweighs their concern for patient's care and well being. Also the discharge nurse Diego first said the charge would be $50. Then a woman at the desk said it was $20. But he still printed an invoice for $50. I pointed out the discrepancy so he said he wouldn't charge me and I left. 10 minutes later I got a call saying that the $50 was correct and that he had charged my card. With no signature and no PIN number and no receipt. I went back to get my receipt. This is business first, healthcare second. You have been warned.

I went there, tonight, because of the great Yelp reviews and wow! Very impressed!Only reason I'm not giving them five stars: the dr said he was giving me antibiotics, and that's not what this medication is, it's antiviral (to treat shingles), and it's a bad idea to confuse the two. But aside from that....WOW. Nice staff, didn't rush me, paid attention, nice dr....clean, welcoming office playing great music. What a welcome change from the usual "what's your problem?" attitude I get in my usual clinic (which I'm about to change, anyway).. Amazing....this is what dr's offices should be like. Let's hope the rest of the "clinics" in this town get the message.Not holding my breath.

If anyone gives City MD fewer than 5 stars, they clearly have never been to another walk-in clinic or urgent care before. I visited last week over concern that an injured ankle was actually fractured. Let's break down the awesomeness that is City MD, Columbus Circle:1. Online Registration. You can register online so you don't have to fill out paperwork in the office.2. Convenient. It's half a block away from the Columbus Circle subway station. 3. No wait. I went after work on a Tuesday, which I would guess would be a busy time, but I only had to wait 5 minutes.4. Concern & Activities. After giving the nurse information about myself I had to wait a few minutes for the doctor (like any doctor's office), but he checked in to apologize for the wait, AND my room had a flatscreen TV with the news playing so I wasn't bored.5. Yum! The doctor was CUTE! 6. Knowledgeable. He knew his stuff, quickly diagnosed my ankle as sprained.7. Accommodating. When I mentioned I'd been concerned it was broken he offered to take an X-Ray if it make me feel better about the diagnosis.8 Helpful. I was sent on my way with an ace bandage and a demonstration on how to put it on.9. Follow-up. A few days later, I received a personal follow-up call from someone checking in to see how I was feeing. Fast, easy and knowledgeable. And it was freakishly clean. I'd recommend this to anyone.

Went in at 930am and was seen by 945am. The location is great, the clinic is pristine, and the staff/ Dr.s are very professional. I felt completely at ease and well taken care of when I left. The Dr. gave me a steroid at the clinic to ease my pain. I even received a follow up call to see how I was feeling and to check my pain level. I was floored/ surprised at the level of service. This place is great and so necessary.

Had a sick child while visiting NYC and chose this clinic based on reviews and proximity. Very fast. Very clean. And very attentive and personalized care.

1st time and I have to say best, most thorough and professional medical care I've ever had in NYC, LA or any other city I've lived in. I really wish I had gone in earlier, rather than suffer unnecessarily for a couple of days. Great off hour or non emergency care option.

AMAZING!! I came here with an eye infection and not only did they treat that but they treated my persistent cold! I waited maybe 5 minutes before I saw the doctor. Everyone there was friendly, helpful and professional. Dr. Nesheiwat was so caring, I felt like she had known me my whole life! highly recommend

Clean. Excellent service. Very quick. I was pleasantly surprised and will for SURE take advantage of these locations when I need. They took my insurance, so just double check! Also? free pens!!! WHAT!

If you can't get an appt with your doctor anytime soon, you will likely get seen right away here because this place is still new. I have a feeling when the word spreads, it will succumb to NYCs population. The space is clean with a flat screen samsung tvs and kiddie play tables in the waiting room. My paperwork was handled promptly and I was ushered in to see the Dr quickly. I was seen by Dr. Pastula, who is an ER doctor out in Port Jefferson. I did not feel very confident in him. Maybe because ER doctor's typically either patch you up or send you to a specialist. Since I don't have an acute illness, he didn't seem to know what to do with me. I learned a lot more from the internet. He was nice enough but his body language was distracted and I felt rushed. Even though I was the only patient in the place. Maybe it was the TV in the room? No I know it wasn't but it kind of bothered me that there was a TV in the room. I don't want any distractions while I'm being examined! As anywhere else, your experience will depend on the Dr you get. I won't be switching from my regular Dr anytime soon but if you've got a cold or other acute illness this is a good place to go.

We have visited CityMD for three medical emergencies in the last three weeks, and the care and overall experience has been EXCEPTIONAL. Excellent caring doctors in every experience, and today they got us a quick appointment with a great neurologist on a Friday afternoon - an almost impossible feat. Also waiting time has always been very minimal. Definitely the best urgent care or emergency care experience I've had in 14 years in NYC.

Checked in online prior to arriving & had a very short wait. Clean establishment, the front desk was polite and prompt. The doctor was friendly and helpful. Highly recommend when in need of basic, fast medical attention.

Two weeks after seeing a doctor who gave me a zpak and said Id get better here I was with no voice to speak of working 14 hour days and feeling like I had two golf balls with razor blades slicing my throat everytime I tried to swallow.I give in and head to citymd expecting the worst of NY because face it, ny docs dont tend to be the most loving or kind or patient docs in the world.Walking in irritably I prepare myself to snap back some snarky retort to the nasty receptionist."Welcome!" came a sweet voice with a blinding smile. Attractive, clean and sparkly girls behind the counter and smiling assitants in scrubs walking around assisting people. Huh...no nasty receptionists!I was SO ready to do my ny things and put up some attitude!So I wait for it to come... the rushed condenscending doctor...but all I get is respectful and kind people.The doc is thorough and sympathetic to my swollen lymph nodes and acts genuinely concerned. I felt like I was in a dream because new york docs are never this nice!Dr. Z was obviously batting for the other team but he was so cute and nice and just darn adorable it was nice to have a well put together handsome doc smile and give you sympathy. I longed to grab onto his white coat and sob out my frustration with sore throats, coughs and the new york dating scene. I could have cried on his toned pec forever but I do have a little bit of dignity so I refrained and accepted his words of wisdom for taking my meds and staying hydrated. I hope I feel better in the coming days because this chick is out of nyc for good thankgod! I have to say I am SO glad citymd is here and open for all the brighteyed bushytailed hopefuls coming onto the scene here because as they lose hope and get torn up and chewed up and spit out...they will need a handsome kind doc like the ones citymd offers!

My wife had wax build up in her ear so yesterday we went to ney york eye and ear infirmary. After 2.5 hour wait we were told to come back on Monday because it is not a real emergency. Since it was causing huge discomfort to her we decided to try citymd. After quick check in she was seen by a doctor within 5 minutes and her ears were flushed. We were out of there in 30 minutes. Clean facility, friendly staff, most major insurances accepted. Now I know where to go if something is wrong. Thanks citymd!!!

This place is awesome. I woke up this morning throwing up every 10-15 minutes, still left for work. When I got to work I went to see the nurse and she recommended that I go to City Md. I've never heard of it honestly but I didn't mind because I was feeling terrible.I get to the urgent care clinic and I had to fill out one page, which was easy. After I filled out the paper I literally waited for about 5 mins before I was called in to the exam room. The clinic is very clean, Teresa was my medical assistant and she was super awesome. Doctor Zebuda was great. I wish he was a primary care physician, that guy rocks !

The people here are VERY friendly - with lollipops, toys, and crayons for kids. The facility is clean and very good with a short wait time. I brought my kids here twice. The second time, the medication they prescribed was just not right. I asked my pediatrician father (overseas) about the prescription and he was shocked that the doctor would prescribe those medications for the specific infections. He asked me not to use it and never to go back to the doctor, he thought the doctor was not good. I called our regular doctor the next day and she too was shocked at the prescription. Since she was not available after hours I went to City MD, but I am going to see her now to confirm that the infections detected were even correct at this point. My child does not have asthma, yet the doctor prescribed steroids. I can't believe that this place would give such prescriptions without knowing whether it is right for the situation and infection. I gave my child the prescription and he vomited it all out, thank God, which prompted me to call my father who asked me not to give those meds again. As did our regular doctor. I will NOT be coming back to this facility. No cleanliness or friendliness can make up for the lack of good doctors. Never again.

This facility is fantastic. Staff and Dr's are very friendly and caring. Waiting room and exam rooms are immaculate. I highly recommend CITY MD (W57 Street). I've been there twice in the past 3 months but in the am during the week and the wait was minimal. When you check out you're given clear instructions on what you need to do to get better. Thanks

I went to City MD yesterday and was really impressed. The place was immaculate, the front desk staff was friendly and I was called to see the doctor before I finished my single page of paperwork. I saw Dr. Shami. He and his medical assistant (I think his name was Asif, sp?) made me feel at ease immediately. Though I came for something minor and unrelated, Dr. Shami correctly diagnosed me with a medical problem that requires follow up (and that my primary doctor never bothered to check me for). I can't thank Dr. Shami enough for catching this before it became a bigger issue down the line.CityMD 57th has truly mastered the art of patient care. A clean, beautiful office, friendly staff, top notch physician and no wait! I'm so glad I found them!

People was nice and waiting time wasn't long. I thought I like this place until the doctor told me that I can go to work. I fractured my foot and reminded the doctor that my job requires standing all day. the doctor said "just don't put your weight on it" She gave me crutches but didn't give me a note. So, I went to work next day. Everybody said to me 2 things. Change the doctor and go home. So, I did. and I went to foot and ankle specialist and got a doctors note saying 2 months off from work. I also mentioned to the doctor that I have a former injury on my ankle. She completely ignored and put elastic tape on it very tight. Later the injury was aggravated. I found the doctor practicing her profession with incompetent or negligent or both. I contacted supervisor of their aftercare service and they haven't respond for 2 weeks, now. Now I'm waiting how much they will charge me for this unacceptable service.Are you sure do you want to get treatment from this place?well, as soon as I wrote this review, their marketing approached me. and finally their medical director contacted me. this is better.

Reception was wonderful, I was taken quickly, the assists were professional. Great service, clean and high-tech facilities. Co-pay was $35, a bit more than primary - but much more efficient.

I was recently mugged outside my apartment and couldnt get into my regular doctor for the severe neck pain i was experiencing, so i searched around for urgent care facilities. After calling several that did not accept my insurance, I turned to Yelp to read some reviews. The amazing reviews about this clinic are right on. I honestly could not believe how 'enjoyable' my experience was. I went this evening, around 6:00 (i was worried it would be busy during "rush hour" ), and was greeted with a smile and friendliness by both people behind the desk. Even the girl who was on the phone looked up and smiled. She wasnt even the one to speak to me, and as many new yorkers know, getting a smile at all is usually not the case at a doctors office. I waited a total of 3 minutes to be taken into an exam room. There was a woman who came in right before me and she didnt wait at all. I would recommend filling out the online form (it only takes a minute) because it will be in their system for any location, and i didnt have to fill out ANY paperwork! amazing already! The medical assistant took all the necessary information and was super friendly. The doctor came in 5 minutes later and was so warm, comforting, and thorough. I actually felt like he cared, and I told him for the first time since I've lived in new york (3 years) I felt like a doctor was actually paying attention to me. I cannot tell you how amazing it felt and how relieved I was after this experience. Obviously no one feels great having to go to a doctor, and the last thing anyone wants to experience is a hassle and neglect. I would highly recommend going to this clinic for ANY medical need that they cover. I know that I will be back, even if its not an emergency situation. The co-pay is just $10 more than a regular physicians office for my insurance and its so worth it. (at my "regular" doctor, i had an appointment and still waited for over an hour!). hope this helps someone else who is searching for treatment. ps. the office was super clean, modern and overall impressive.

I walked in 3 minutes before close and was seen immediately. The staff is professional and friendly, and the doctor I saw was very attentive. They provided me medication on site and directed me to a 24-hour pharmacy around the corner to fill my prescriptions. I paid only my $15 office co-pay. I highly recommend this place if you have an urgent issue that doesn't quite merit an emergency room visit.

Bait and switch. They told me an office visit would be $125, and then I received a bill for close to $500. They said $125 is only for self-pay, and they billed me for two visits when the second one was supposed to be billed as a follow-up because all I did was pick up a prescription. Services are billed as emergency so your insurance doesn't cover it. Expect to pay close to $250 for one visit if you bill through your insurance. Called them to dispute it and while they did waive the second visit charge, Lativia was especially rude about it. Will avoid them in the future

I went here on a Sunday after banging up a toe playing soccer on Sat. There was no line, I was seen within 3 minutes, had an x-ray, and was out of there in less than 20 min. Everyone was friendly and the place felt efficiently run. Was great it was open on the weekend - they don't take appointments. I gather the no-line situation is not sustainable business-wise, but it was fantastic!

I can only say WOOHOO, this place ROCKS. They are amazing, fast, friendly, organized. Follow up the next day, take insurance, I can't say enough GREAT things. I've been there for horrible cough and sore throat, a sliced finger that needed stitches and a my husband's fractured foot and they get 5 stars for each visit.

Had a cold which I thought might be the flu. I came in and they saw me within 5 mins. They did a flue test and xray (to rule out pneumonia). answered all my questions and were very helpful, knowledgable and prompt. I was in and out of there in less than 45 minutes.Overall a very positive experience, I'd certainly recommend it.

Extremely quick competent service. I travel a ton for work so don't have a steady doctor anywhere; came here to address a consistent abdominal pain and felt very taken care of. Waited for less then 10 min at 2pm on a Thursday; ran scans immediately and issued an Rx and referral with a specialist. Highly recommend!

While staying in midtown for a 3 day weekend I got a tooth infection (maybe an abscess of some sort). I wasn't going to be back in DC until sunday night and didn't have an appointment scheduled until the following Tuesday. Luckily I found the City MD on west 57th street around 9:20pm on a Friday night. I was totally shocked by how amazing they were. Everybody was incredibly friendly and i was literally in and out in probably 20 minutes including the "wait" and paperwork. I didn't expect a thorough dental exam but they wrote me a prescription for the antibiotics that I felt i needed and sent me on my way. Possibly one of the best doctors visits I've ever had.

I have been here twice, once for a serious cold, and the second time for my neck pain. Both times I have had an excellent experience with their staff, their service and their physicians. BTW they are open on Sundays!

I went there yesterday to get treatment for a medical issue and was so impressed. The assistants and the doctor were all very polite and treated me with respect. I don't have insurance and was paying out of pocket, and when the doctor saw this, he gave me medication from their own pharmacy (free of charge) instead of having to pay a lot of money for them at Duane Reade. I was there in January as well and they had to do a small procedure (which would've been pricey), and the doctor didn't charge me for that either, just the visit fee. I would definitely recommend them!

In the past 3 weeks I have moved to NYC, got married in Virginia Beach and honeymooned in Costa Rica. Needless to say, I have not had time to find a doctor here. So when I returned from Costa Rica feeling very ill, I had no idea where to go. Luckily I found City MD. The nurses and assistants were helpful, friendly and accommodating. The wait time was 15 minutes at the most, Dr. Liu was thorough, professional and is highly recommended.

I came to this CityMD a week before Thanksgiving, on a workday around 11am; I thought that I had pinkeye and couldn't get an appointment with an ophthalmologist for same-day visit. The location was convenient, the staff friendly, and everything was very clean and efficient. I waited for only a few minutes before being whisked into a room. The physician who came in was very professional and first ran a quick test (using glow-in-the-dark eyedrops and a blacklight) to rule out that I did not have a corneal tear, and then diagnosed me with pinkeye. They sent a pharmacy order to my pharmacy right away (and after the visit, I could immediately pick up my eyedrop prescription!) and sent me home with a one-page info sheet about pinkeye. I followed the doctor's instructions, and as he said, the pinkeye went away after a week. A week later, someone from CityMD called to see how I was doing - this is what I would call great customer service. I have since recommended friends to go to this CityMD.

I don't really think it gets any better than this.A few months ago, my son (1yr old) dropped a tray on my toe while I was holding him and it fell like a guillotine. It felt like I had broken my toe. I went to my regular doctor, had it looked at, had x-rays taken, but I got off with a cracked toe nail, a minor infection and some swelling. I took some antibiotics and it cleared up. Then about a week ago, my son hulk smashed a book on my toe, in the same place! Argh! Last Friday, at around 9pm, lo and behold, swelling, redness and pain in the same area. Nooooooooo! It's 9pm on a Friday night and I've got a really fat and painful toe. Now what? I heard about this place from a friend and thought I'd try it out. Check the web - open till 10pm - SCORE!Read the reviews - all 5 stars except one dude who doesn't like to watch TV in the exam room - uh okay. Whatever dude. Sometimes you have to wait longer in the exam room than in the waiting room. So I decide to try it out. When I get in, it's pretty much the cleanest place I've ever seen in Manhattan. You can eat pasta off these floors. I sign in, sit down, noting that there's a nice play area for kids if I ever need to bring baby hulk smash there, and start to watch some TV. Before I can even get past the commercials, I'm called in. Fast!I see Dr. Kahoun, who I thought was pretty great. We talk about what happened and he jokes with me about kids, including his own. Then he washes the toe with that brown stuff (forgot what it's called), drains the toe, patches me up and gives me a scrip for antibiotics. Standard operating procedure.But here's the killer: after we're done, he takes a whole roll of medical tape and about two big handfuls of gauze padding, puts it in a doggie bag and gives it all to me! Wait, what? You're going to give me all the stuff I need so I don't even have to buy it? Yeeeeeeeeeeesssss!Honestly, I really don't think it gets any better than this.

Been here twice in the past 6 months and on both occasions, they called my name even before I settled in good with a magazine. Now that's what I call service! The Assistants are always friendly and if they are training new staff, they make sure to mention it. I've had a different Doctor both times, but they are always nice and straight to the point. They ask what your symptoms are and they fix it with no fuss. They can even shoot your prescription right over to the pharmacy so you can just go pick it up instead of the old school drop-off system. Bottom line: clean, no wait, friendly, bed side manner. Love love love this place! Hope they come to Brooklyn soon so I don't have to wait for the work week to go!

This is by far the best urgent care facility I have ever been to. I went there a couple of weeks ago when I had pneumonia. I saw a lovely doctor, had a chest X-ray (on site) and had a prescription in hand within 35 minutes. They even called to check in on me a few days later. I highly recommend this place!

Went in for basic flu symptoms and was very impressed with the availability of online pee registration, a great reception staff, clean facilities and very welcoming doctors. I really liked the way everyone introduced themselves with their names before doing anything. Everything as explained well. Prescription was faxed and filled seamlessly. Will definitely use them again.

I have gone to FirstMed out in queens tons of times. And I will be going back. Either you have a flawless experience here or you don't. If you are just coming in for a lollypop, you will do great. If you have a serious condition - you are much better off at an ER.I had a serious condition - the staff sucked the big one.

I was visiting my daughter in NYC. After battling illness for 2 weeks, I finally could barely move, so I went to Yelp to find the highest rated Urgent Care as close to me as possible. I walked into CityMD on 57th Street on a Saturday afternoon, and was initially surprised by the clean, hip decor. It was quiet, peaceful, and there were more staff than patients in the waiting room - always a good sign in Urgent Care! I gave them my info, was soon ushered back and all my vitals were taken. A history of my health and current issue was collected by a professional and kind medical transcriptionist (on his way to a degree in medicine). Just a few minutes later, Dr. Michael Tafoya, MD, came in. I couldn't have received better care! He was kind, professional, compassionate - I was feeling like dirt, and he talked with me like he really actually cared, as opposed to putting me through a medical assembly line. He discussed options, and we decided together that a chest X-ray was in order. Not 10 minutes later, I was diagnosed with pneumonia. No wonder I couldn't get out of bed! I usually fight things off myself, but Dr. Tafoya confirmed what I already knew - I needed some help here. He discussed a number of possible antibiotics and their potential side affects, and wrote a prescription for the one he thought would be best for me. 5 minutes later, I was on my way with prescription in hand, and my chest X-rays in digital format on a CD. They recommended a follow-up visit in about 2 weeks with a doctor at home. I immediately went and got my prescription - and each day for the next week, I felt better and better. Within 2 days, I was 75% functional, and back to "normal" at the end of the week. Then, today I was again surprised. The office called to check up on me! It has been a month since I visited CityMD, and they are actually doing a follow-up call? Wow - I haven't had medical care like this in a long time. My only regret is that I can't make Dr. Tafoya, and CityMD my regular medical provider. They were awesome - do not hesitate to visit whenever you have a medical need. They will have you up and running in no time!

I had some serious wrist pain after a fall on a Friday night (as I walked into the Dream hotel and not OUT, oh well).  I dread the ER so I looked up local walk ins and found this place. I arrived at 9:09, was seen by 2 people (a male nurse and a doctor), had an X-ray by 9:20 and was out the door in a splint (no fracture - woo hoo!) by 9:40. If this had been the ER, I probably would have gotten out at 9:40 AM! This all cost me just a regular copay. The male nurse, the doctor and the staff were all nice, friendly and efficient. The place was spotless, even sterile. The best part is I was able to make it back to the Dream hotel to meet my friends!

I had been sick for about 10 days before I gave in to the fact I should see a Dr. Since my regular dr. is downtown, CityMD seemed like a much more convenient & less painful option then getting on the subway! It was great. My wait was less than 10 minutes, I was attended to by a nurse & Dr. who gave me a prescription but also took the time to inform me of some cold/sinus facts I never knew before. I was pleasantly surprised & left feeling a little more knowledgable about my health. I also really liked that I didn't need an appt (I just showed up) and my prescription was waiting for me all nicely printed out at the front desk when I went to pay. Love offices that are tech savy/efficient! The place was clean, spacious, up-to-date and well designed. I'll definitely be back next time I'm feeling under the weather!

Im a tourist and stupidly i did a backflip while drunk and busted up my foot. I was in a lot of pain and couldn't hop very far so i wanted to go somewhere with short wait times and saw all the positive reviews about this place and gave it a go. And it was one of the most efficient clinics i have ever been too, i went to the one on 57th between 8th and 9th and the receptionists were very friendly, they said they had a lot of patients so i the wait was "long" i.e. 15 minutes! I had my consultation with the bubbly doctor, X-ray in house and was sent home with crouches and a foot brace. Being that i don't have insurance here i was also quite happy with the prices .. for US standards anyway.

I absolutely love this CityMD! I have been here a number of times over the past 6 months for various ailments, and even a pre-employment physical. Each time I have been impressed by the office staff professionalism, minimal to no wait time to see a doctor, the doctors' warm, personal, and at times humorous characters, and the follow up to see how I'm doing. I recommend this place to everyone I know!

I went to City MD a week and a half ago and I am very impressed with how attentive, thorough and cordial they are. As a healthcare person myself it is very hard for me to find a clinic in which I feel like everything I had concerns with was addressed. In other words all my questions were answered and the care I was provided with was beyond comparison. Dr. Jack Liu had shown me his impeccable bedside manner and his attentiveness before when he helped me with my mother's illness but this time I had him as my doctor and I firmly believe he is the embodiment of what a doctor should be. He listened to every question I had, explained to me what tests we were doing and what for step by step and then gave me options for my treatment. I was never in the dark and I felt 100% in control of what would happen next. Then he helped me with the appropriate specialist referrals. The secretaries were so cordial and kept following up with my lab results 2 days later with phone calls and they also helped me find the specialist that I needed. In other words this is the place to go if you want to receive excellent care and know that they will follow up with you to make sure you are ok and your questions are answered.

City MD is great. I went today because I have been battling a cold for a week and just lost my voice. Knowing I wouldn't be able to see a doc till after christmas and in desperate need of antibiotics and steroids for my chords, I hastily got into a taxi and headed over. I was concerned that I'd have to pay an arm and a leg because I left my insurance card in LA but I gave them the number and they accepted it!The wait was VERY short - maybe 10 min. The length of time it took me to fill out the paperwork.I saw Dr. Pastula. He was nice, and super professional. I'd go back any time!!

I went here after reading all the great reviews and yes, it is wonderful! I was in a time crunch and needed to see a doctor on my lunch break. I signed in online and when I got there I only had to sign a paper and about 5 minutes later I was called back. The doctor came in even before I was finished speaking with the nurse. It was SO FAST. Dr. Schreiber was incredibly nice. I was out of there within 30 minutes. They even gave me my antibiotic for free because they had some in the office. I ended up needing another prescription for pain and they called it in for me no problem later that day. I think I paid $120 for everything-without insurance. They did two tests on me as well. It was well worth it for the timeliness, convenience, and kind staff and doctor. Will definitely be back here if I need a doctor.

Been here twice since I moved to NYC as I don't have a primary care doctor yet and it was efficient and thorough. Everyone was extremely friendly and I like the printed recap of your visit and that they follow up a day or two later to see how you're feeling.

I am SO glad to have made a mental note of this place when I walked by two weeks prior. I had to figure out an alternative to deal with this strep thing since my GP is in surgery on Wednesdays. I registered online, so they had some of my info on file when I got there. I still had to fill out a one-sheet and provide my insurance and id. A woman who just finished medical school and is awaiting her residency (yeah, we chatted a bit) took me back for history, vitals and culture. The doctor came in to finish the job and prescribe antibiotics. He even gave me the first dose while I was still there. How is it that this place has seemingly mastered the art of efficiency when the rest of the field is simply floundering? I could not be happier with my visit, as everyone from the reception staff to the medical staff was prompt, courteous and knowledgeable. This was the most painless (har har) doc's visit I've had in a very long while. I can't wait for the location in Forest Hills to be up and running! Oh, and the place was immaculate.

Good place to go a last minute, non urgent medical treatment that requires a prescription. CVS is a half a block away and open 24 hours. However definitely decline any optional or non medically necessary tests because they have to be sent outside and then you MUST physically return back to the office for a doctors visit (which is at no charge for the results) but you have to make the trek nonetheless and then WAIT again at least half an hour. This is the only way they will release results. The test results which only took 3 days wound up taking 9 days. It is an additional layer in our busy lives when a phone call can resolve everything like a normal doctor's office will do. This is the inconvenient part hence the four stars. Otherwise this is a five star facility. It is helpful to see the physician again and they are very patient with all questions. Just depends on your tempo. I like to avoid physicians when possible.

City MD is a GREAT walk-in clinic. I've been to this location as well as one other and have received incredible service at both places. This location in particular had me in and out in about 20 minutes on a Saturday afternoon. Professional and efficient staff. Could not have asked for a better experience.

I went there for asthma issues I was having. I registered online on a Sunday morning. Had absolutely no wait. The assistant, Killian, wrote down every thing that I said to explain my symptoms. The doctor, Michelle Brosnan, shook my hand, and listened to me, I took a chest x-ray, and blood exam and they were conscious of letting me know what everything cost because I was paying out of pocket. They let me know the results of the tests and spoke to me on the phone and they're going to do a follow up call in the next two days. Thorough, efficient, patient and respectful. And it wasn't too costly considering I was paying out of pocket.

Went to City MD during my lunch hour today. A coworker recommended it & I was so pleasantly surprised. I walked in around 11:45am & all 3 front desk clerks were ready to help & assist. It was my first time there so I had to fill out an info form front & back on the clipboard. In a matter of 5 minutes, the clerk called me back up & took my drivers license & insurance card. I was called in to see Dr. Lee 3 minutes later. The waiting room is clean and very nice with a flat screen TV. The medical assistant who took down my symptoms, took my temp & blood pressure was kind & worked fast. Dr. Lee was fabulous. Very patient and informative. I had an in office (small) procedure on my infected finger. He kept me calm and told me everything he was doing, step-by-step. The med assistant placed the order for my prescription so I didn't have to worry about anything. Dr. Lee told me about after care & if I had any other question or concerns to call anytime. It was an overall wonderful experience. All of the other urgent care's I've gone to doesn't come close to this one.

I was extremely impressed with this facility. Modern decor, immaculate and most importantly a very knowledgable and friendly staff. I only waited 10 minutes to be see by Dr. Shih. I was in NY on a business trip but if I come back and need urgent care (which I hope i do not!) I would definitely return to CityMD.

I work over on 60th and 10th. In the middle of the day, it became clear that something was not quite right and I would require some drugs. I usually have to go to Chelsea or the east side for walk in stuff, but my colleague told me of this newly opened urgent care office. I thought I'd have to take off the whole afternoon off, but I was in and out of CityMD in 35 minutes (they apologized profusely for making me wait a few minutes. I couldn't believe it!). They even emailed my prescription to the nearest Duane Reade. The whole experience was over in 1 hour and I was back work. It was a super pleasant experience, for what is usually very unpleasant.The best part? A very pleasant doctor called this afternoon (Sunday) to follow up with lab results and to see how I was feeling. I'm not used to this level of customer service with my low cost health insurance. Very bizarro world (in the best way possible).

In the process of moving to NYC from DC AND switching my health insurance - first week at new job and came down with a miserable sinus infection. STRESS!!! These folks were friendly, professional, comforting, and fast. Can't recommend highly enough.

This place blows other urgent care centers out of the water. I made two visits within a span of one week to City MD on 57th Street - the first was when I got glass stuck in my foot, and the other was when I had a bad IT band strain. Both Dr. Shami and Dr. Liu took care of me with amazing care and professionalism. Dr. Shami got the shard of glass out of my foot in one clean, painless swipe. Dr. Liu was very thorough in checking out my strained leg and made sure I got a full work-up so as not to miss anything. He and the staff also made sure I'd get my medical clearance in a timely manner so I could be back at work without any difficulty. Ancillary staff including medical assistants, secretaries, and interns (?) were also all very courteous and friendly. I was pleasantly surprised to get follow-up calls for both visits. Other bonuses... beautiful decor, clean and spotless exam rooms, bathrooms, and waiting area as well as very little to no wait times... definitely a must-visit if you feel sick or are injured and are in a bind to get to a primary care doctor! *****

Everyone should feel they are getting attention when seeing a doctor. Unfortunately plagued with a sinus infection/cold for the last week or so I decided to try City MD instead of trek to the upper east side to see my "regular" GP. Wow I was impressed! As other reviewers wrote the place is immaculate, the staff is friendly etc. However, I was really impressed with the Doctor and medical assistants I saw.Dr. Lui listened to my issues performed the various checks of my ears, throat etc. We then DISCUSSED what meds would work best, he asked me about prior meds that have worked not worked. In the end I jokingly asked if I would feel better the next day...no 3 days, well guess what I woke this morning feeling so much better than I had.I have been to Doctors in their regular practice that did not spend as much time with me and listen to my concerns or answer the questions as thoroughly.Bravo City MD...

I had an bronchitis and an ear infection and I didn't want to make an appointment and wait to see my ENT. This place was great. I waited less than five minutes. Saw the doctor, she wrote be a prescription for an antibiotic and I was one my way. The staff was friendly and the office was super clean. It's the perfect place for non emergency care.

I went to CityMD for the first time this weekend with a cornea abrasion. I had never been and I am SO impressed by this facility. Very clean, everyone incredibly nice and efficient. Dr. Patel was terrific and addressed my issue perfectly and appropriately. I really am so impressed with CityMD - they are a terrific place in the neighborhood.

I was seen within 5 minutes. Given a prescription to take home and even an excuse note for work! A staff member called to follow up and see how I was doing a couple days later. Amazing service!

I have been to the CityMD on 57th Street on two occasion and my experiences have always been very positive. The office is very pleasant and clean and the staff is always very friendly and helpful. Dr. Cooper and the nurses took the time to speak with me and I never felt rushed. In fact, I came a few minutes before they opened one morning and they took me in early because they knew I was in a rush to get to work.  CityMD really is a wonderful place if you need urgent care and I would go back there without any hesitations.

It was clean, friendly staff, cute kids' play area, flat screen TVs in waiting room and exam room, fast, professional and there was NO WAIT on a Saturday Summer late afternoon. Totally exceeded my expectations. I got my prescription and there were several pharmacies on the block at which to have it filled.

city MD is the name BUT for insurance co pay is under urgent care.  which could be confusing for this helpful facility. the waiting time and paperwork is close to nothing. the staff is friendly. the medical team listens and pay attention to your physical needs being sick. I got the right prescriptions to make me feel better and ease the pain. thanks to them I feel better. I recommend them highly if you cannot travel far to see your own Dr and or want to wait in a hospital for hours!

Being someone that is rarely sick, and hardly ever sees a doctor, I find CityMD to be an excellent solution for anything less than critical issues. I am not averse, or timid about seeing doctors, but I find the process time-consuming, and not as expedient when I truly need help. I have noticed that even if someone does have a good doctor-patient relationship, they are still subject to the doctor's availability, which is not convenient when the patient really needs their help.As a secondary rationale, I believe that the human body is the best, and ultimate cure for most illness. Granted, it may take longer to resolve than getting help early on, but I rarely get sick, so I 'tough' it out, unless it really gets bad. I mention this, as I believe there are many people out there who think the same way.During a recent illness, which was taking longer than I expected, and was becoming more problematic, I decided to seek help. Since I did not have a regular physician, I went through the process of calling several medical offices to see if they had available time to see me. It was a thursday afternoon, and most every office only had appointments for monday. I was experiencing increasing pain from my issue, and did not look forward to suffering through the weekend. I wasn't sure if my issue merited going to an emergency room either, which brings it's own issues and complications. While reviewing options with my medical insurance provider, I learned that there existed Urgent Care Facilities, which fill the void between private practice and emergency rooms. I will admit that CityMD was the first listing that I came across, as there are other UCF's, but I am glad I chose them.I showed up on thursday afternoon around 3:30pm as a walk-in, as they don't accept appointments. The faciilty is very modern and clean, and looks very professional. The first thing I noticed though was that, even in the waiting room which had a dozen chairs, there was no one there. The receptionist's were very friendly and asked me to fill out a quick single page of information, typical of what you would fill out at any medical office on the first visit. After submitting the form, I only had to wait about 3-4 minutes to which a nurse (or could be an intern), escorted me to one of the examination rooms. The nurse then took my blood pressure and temperature, and we had a preliminary discussion of what issues I was having. A few minutes after, the physician came in, reviewed my issues, and within a few minutes was able to provide a diagnosis and drug prescription. Both the nurse and doctor were very friendly, and made every effort to make sure they understood my problem, and provide a full understanding of the prescribed treatment. I was in at 3:30, and out the door around 4:15pm. Outstanding!CityMD also followed up with a phone call on sunday afternoon to see how I was doing, and to provide follow-up assistance as needed.The treatment helped out, and by monday, I was already better. And to think, if I had gone through the normal process, I would not have even seen a doctor till monday, and who know's what severity of issues I may have had to go through up till that day.CityMD, and Urgent Care Facilities in general, are the ideal solution for those seeking healthcare. Anytime you feel sick, just walk-in and get treatment asap. With regards to the comment earlier about no one else in the waiting area, I am actually pleased by this, as that means quick service. So the only concern I have is that this place is still a hidden gem, and as the word get's around, service may not be as quick. But it's still a much better option than restrictive private practice hours, or emergency room waiting.

Needed a physical for school paperwork. Walked in. They took my insurance. Was seen within 25min. Got exactly what I needed from the doctor and nurse without hassle. Everyone was professional. Examining rooms are clean, well stocked. They gave me disinfecting wipes for a clean catch urine sample. That might sound obvious, but about 2/3rd of places don't, in my experience. Only one page of paperwork despite the fact they've never seen me before. Will be going back next issue I have.

Fractured bone. Walked in Saturday evening. No wait at all. Forgot the name of the doctor. After X-Rays, recommended that I see a specialist and said they'd try to find one, but unfortunately my Insurance sucks and they were having difficulty finding one. Overall, very satisfied with the service. Recommend this place for convenience, availability of service, and the modern look of the office and the equipments.

It's a great back up for a PCP, I went in for sinus infection antibiotics during my lunch break. I assumed at that time of day it would be super crowded, it wans't and I was in and out in about 25min. Everyone was super friendly, clean place, very little wait time.

Decided to go to CityMD yesterday on a whim to deal with a sudden onset of back pain when taking a deep breath/yawning I thought might be related to the pneumonia I had been recovering from in the past two weeks (that and I wanted to get a chest x-ray to be sure my lungs were clear of infection). I checked in online about 2 hours before I went and was surprised to not have to fill out stacks of forms when I arrived. The receptionist/nurse just took my id and told me someone would be with me shortly. The lobby/waiting area, much like the rest of the facility, is clean as can be. I saw a nurse within 10-15 minutes who took my vitals. A doctor's assistant came in shortly after to get my story and ask a few basic questions. The doctor came in shortly after that and asked as many questions about my recent bout of pneumonia (even going as far as to chastise my original doctor for prescribing unnecessary antibiotics). He determined that a chest x-ray might be the best course of action and after another short wait (due to another patient getting an x-ray) I had mine. All in all the x-ray revealed no lingering signs of pneumonia and my lungs looked clear. The outcome was perceived to be a pulled rib muscle for which he prescribed an anti-inflammatory. They even sent the prescription to the Rite-Aid near my apartment so I didn't have to wait long when I arrived! The staff is extremely courteous and well-mannered and overall was just about the best experience one can have going to an emergency clinic. The visit itself cost about $90 (with another $100 for the x-ray) but insurance will take care of most of it and honestly for the peace of mind it gave me after wondering if I'd ever be able to take a deep breath without feeling like I was being stabbed I'd say it was worth it. I'll definitely be coming back to CityMD should I ever fall ill again.

I went to CityMD after a week of persistant cough. It was my first time at an urgent care clinic. Everyone in the office was kind and efficient and I was immediately put at ease. I also didn't have to wait very long to see Dr. Jack Liu. He was kind and understanding. After he was done checking my symptoms, I left with a proper diagnosis, an Rx, and great advice. To top it off, I received a courtesy call a few days later checking to make sure that I am feeling better. Never got that with my regular physician's office. Overall, I had a wonderful experience and will definitely use CityMD and Dr. Jack's services again!

Just wanted to say thank you for being so great! Was in a bind and you guys went out of your way to help. The office is so clean and fast, I don't think I've ever experienced this kinda service!!! Thx citymd

I had terrible back pain on a Sunday and thankfully there is a City MD two blocks away and they were able to see me that same Sunday with almost no advance notice. I scheduled an appointment online and the doctor saw me about 10 minutes after i showed up. The facilities are very clean and professional and both the doctors and the staff were very polite and seemed competent. They gave me a prescription that fixed my problem and I was very happy overall with the whole experience. I'm definitely glad that this place is in my neighborhood and that they are open 7 days a week.

Nice clean office. Great location right off of the train. Great hours. My son was seen right away. Doctor was friendly and didn't seemed rushed. This is now my go to place for walk-ins and doctors visits. A+

This place is so dreamy !!! I absolutely LOVE this place. I was a little hesitant at first since I went to another urgent care and it was such a horrible experience but after my boyfriend was in pain and refused to go to an Emergency room we opted out to another choice which led us to CityMd. I had called prior to going there with tons of questions and Vanesa picked up very polite and informative she seemed to have all the answers to my questions which put me at ease and better yet informed me there open till 10pm !! What clinic is open that late ??? It was already late so we left and headed there. Once we got there once again we were greeted in such a courteous manner and was told by one of the receptionist to simply fill out the front and back of the form and to bring it up once it was done with id and any insurance if we had. We finished the simple form and gave it to Vanesa , of course I had more questions because I didnt want my boyfriend to get a costly bill like I ended up having at the other place. Once again she answered without hesitation and explained to me in depth how they bill out and that he was only responsible for the copayment on the card , SURPRISING !!!! There was a bit of a rush coming in and figured we be there for 2-3 hours tops but the assistant called him in, in less then 15 mins which was exactly what she told me the wait time would be over the phone. My boyfriend and I were in a bit of a shock. So we both sat in the room which by the way was immaculate ( I caught the girls at the front and staff cleaning a few times, which was great !! ) The doctor and assistant were nice and very good looking everyone was prim and proper. After spending some time with the doctor they suggested a Catscan that when my boyfriend was a little hesitant considering the time and urgency of the exam there was no way we were getting it done that same day , we were going to end up going to the emergency room , and once again the surprisingly the doctor said the girls in the front would take care of it and get him situated just to have a seat in the waiting room and not to worry. When we stepped out there was an even bigger crowd but everything seemed to be running accordingly , the discharge are was a bit busy and we were sent to the front . Vanesa said she would be taking care of the paperwork and was already calling the insurance to see if it was ok to have the exam done even before we mentioned anything she seemed to be on her A game . We took a seat and no less then 10 mins she had approval of the exam and had even scheduled his appt to be done right away !!!!!! It was a quarter to 6 pm !! SERIOUSLY CAN THIS PLACE GET ANY BETTER !!!! She sent us off with instruction a map , informed us that he would be getting a call from the doctor with the outcome of the exam and even asked if we needed a cab , Where else in NYC do you get this kind of service to be honest its super rare to have this service any where it astonishing how everyone works 14 hours there( yes people its open for 14 hours EVERYDAY !!) and no one is grumpy everyone was happy and cheerful , walking out the door all the girls all 3 of them said goodbye and to have a great night , absolutely fantastic !! I will be coming back just wish i could list this place as my primary care doctor then it would be even better !

